How To Make A Perfect Video - Briarorchan

Need these three aspects:

Balanced TAM
Unique Valuable Angle
Somehow connected to money/specific benefit

Consider the Caleb Ralston accordion method (CCN). Start video with clear hooks, “how to”, social proof, “I work with”.

TAM - Total Addressable market - “If you’re a 25 year old lad into crossfit, you need to watch this”. Need to remember that there will be people that the video just doesnt apply to. Look also at Paddy Galloways CCN:
C - reach your core audience
C - casual audience
N - new audience
What you dont want to do is reach out to a new audience and sacrifice the core if possible.
E.G - Pilot is a business owner who flies to 3 different states in one day. Great video title would be “22 Golf Courses in 22 Days because of my plane”. Everyone will want to watch that. Then throughout the video, talks about how important it is for his business so you reach CCN.
Unique Valuable Angle - Lots of people in fitness, not offering a tonne of unique value. E.g trump tariffs for example, someone comes in and just comments that they are nuts and harping on about how you didnt know this was going to happen the whole time. This is a unique angle but it needs value. Instead, here are three ways about the art of negotiating we just learned from Trump. Unique angle and then value. Then example of networking. Value is how to build a network, but this isnt unique amongst other creators. The unique angle he took was that he was going to build it without social media and then give three tips. “You can build a network without social media, here are three tips”.
Somehow connected to money - doesnt have to be how to make money, how much money you have. What does your business revolve around. Do you have a product? We have to build a business off of our creator platform. Need to make content that is connected back to the business. E.g the gardener and pilot shouldnt be talking about trumps tariffs. E.g I flew to 22 states to get these seeds for my carrots, then connected to my online shop. E.g Networking guy - build network with no socials, by the way I teach people how to do this. You can apply these steps and run this far. Should connect back to some type of elevation of your business or theirs.








How often to post content:

Using the minimum viable product/content, lean start up method. With the product they want to achieve product market fit. The first product is basic as fuck, like an app, just a working system and sell it to 100 people. Need to have product market fit, nothing else matters if dont have product market fit. This is true of content and need to have content market fit. 

Need to find content that is very easy for you. E.g of Brian at the desk ranting. Havent achieved if less than 1K views. 5K views
Need to post so much volume until you find content market fit, could be 10-15 times a week. 
Has to be in brand pillars - 3 things you talk about.
Then use the accordion method, we have stretched the accordion out with this much volume, squeeze efforts together. Say you spent 5 hours a week on content, and you do 15 posts, so 3 posts everyhour. Then take those 15 posts and compress in to 5 posts. These posts that are aligned with your content market fit. Compress all the efforts in to my winners.
Once you have content market fit, now we are lit.

Gardener example, MVC, talking about the garden and as I am gardening, I am talking about it. Talking about carrots, apples, problems of a gardener, multiple clips. Then see that the problems of a gardener just got 4,000 views. Then specify more, 3 problems of a gardener, 3 mistakes gardeners make, 3 problems of a gardener with carrots. Found content market fit. Area of things going wrong for gardeners. Now squeeze the accordion after 15 posts for the week. Caleb ralston on youtube. Now instead of posting 15 times, posting 7 times, and make sure very intentional about making the videos just a little bit better everytime.

Tiktok is where you should be posting your volume - get your MVC going very easily on tiktok. Tiktok is a discovery platform, in that it doesnt go to your viewers first. E.g on instagram, it goes to viewers first and what happens is that they get follower fatigue and just scroll past it if bad and posted a number of others trying to find MVC, they will get sick of it. Pull out the themes that won, not the hooks, the formats, pacing, pull out the themes e.g we talked about this, we talked about the problems that gardeners have with carrots. Now we move this over, polish up just a little bit, just a little bit, doesnt have to be crazy, to instagram, e.g trim it, add a hook on it. Instagram is follower centric. Then take the winners and turn them into long form youtube videos, proven concept and hyper niche. Youtube is vital if have product or service due to a concept called content minutes, originated from cane calaway. At some point, there is an amount of minutes they spend with you before they buy (72 minutes theoretically). They watch 72 youtube shorts, or watch 5 youtube videos, or one podcast.

TLDR

1 - Spam volume, minimum viable content on tiktok (views greater than 4-5K)
2 - Take the best themes, take them over to instagram, polish.
3 - Take the best performing pieces turn them into youtube videos.

You will have a fabulous personal brand and will likely be very rich - end your videos with an outcome for the viewer positively

Hooks and edits dont matter

The number one element across videos that crush on social media is the topic of the video

The topic or the idea - E.g Brian grew up around wrestling and knew everything there is, and knew the topics that wrestlers want to listen to. Terrible Idea would be a way to get more takedowns, if you know nothing about wrestling may be good for you but not the wrestlers. He knew that wrestler were quite concerned about weight cut and weight cutting. E.g 3 tips to recover faster after a hard weight cut, how to recounter position against what everyone would say about weight cutting. How to eat every single meal and still have a great weight cut. These videos blew. What did it was this niche vocabulary.

Think about iceberg - in every niche there is the classic top of iceberg words. E.g Gardening will be seeds, planting, tilling. Every gardener will think about this regularay but nothing is profound here. The real gardeners are talking about some metric that sun rays give off. E.g for video would be the greatest metric of sunrays at 4PM on a tuesday, the gardeners will be like oh yeah I was just thinking about that. You have to go layers down and find hotbed topic - way you can think about this, if there is a meeting amongst experts in this niche, what are they talking about. Prob not talking about the basics. If you make a videos talking about the basics it will get drowned out with all the other videos. But a group of 20 expert gardeners, they have concerns an thoughts that basic gardeners cant answer. How many inches down do I put my carrot seed for example.

How do I find such topics - reddit is a great place. Go to your niche, figure out what people are talking about. No.2 you have to to have time in niche. No.3 e.g if you run a poll on instagram or tiktok story, good question asking, instead of what do you want, you do multiple layers of questions of deep layered content vocabulary. You will get your 3-5 themes you can make videos about. Then move that keyword, buzzword from your question, then need to move that to your on-screen hook. 

Say you then have a gardener who is scrolling on TK, he sees all the basic stuff about gardening that he knows, but then sees a title “9 ways to save 15% on my hydroponics setup in my basement”. That is a concern this person is having on a day to day basis. E.g Brian has worked with creators who have big followings, but tried to monetize on it but couldnt. Low level content creator in a niche is just going to tell you, how to go viral, a high level is going to break down as if in a room with 20 creators, what would they be talking about. Talking about struggling with monetization, talk about how to create a community, they would talk about brand pillars, be more authentically themselves. They wouldnt talk about how to go viral, as that is top of the iceberg. Brian also counter positioned here with the on-screen text that hooks and edits dont matter

Summarise:

Most important part of the video is not the hook, not edit, it is the topic. 
Find this by doing intense market research via reddit, polls, deep research on AI would get it kind of going, look at the data as start posting
Expand your niche vocabulary - move this vocab in to the title hook of your video.
This is how you stand out as a creator, you get more views, more fandom as people are excited to talk to you as you have this more in-depth knowledge and this is how you monetize long term. You are solving a problem

Eighty percent of your success with your hook
doesn't actually come from the words you say.
It comes from this, your on screen text.
I'm gonna give you a three minute master class so you can be, uh,
top 1% with your on screen text.
Get your hook right up and just get more views.
Let's start with number one.
Should you be using fonts?
What fonts should you be using?
What should it look like? Do not use anything else besides one or two things.
Just use the native font like this right here.
Or use a luxury font where you actually have beautiful typography.
You thought about it and there's some really good brand art direction.
Don't use this or this.
Number two is we don't want any function words on the screen.
That is like. And so the it
now we want every single word as much as possible to be a keyword or a buzzword.
A word that is like a, um.
I think it's called a proper noun.
We want as many proper nouns or verbs in there as possible.
We don't need adjectives. We don't want function words.
Okay, this is a bad one and this is a good one.
Alright, let's talk about readability.
You want two lines, we do not want three.
Three gets overwhelming. And most importantly,
we wanna make sure we're breaking our lines up based off of structure,
not just whenever we've reached like the maximum size.
And just Auto goes to the next line.
This is an example of a terrible way to break up a line.
And this is an example of how to break up the two lines the right way.
Real quick, note on pacing.
Keep it on the screen for 10 seconds, okay?
The eyes might have to read it and then go down,
check the visuals, and then come up and see.
A lot of you guys cutting this way too fast.
It's like two to three seconds,
which is the native to Instagram and TikTok.
Go ahead, stretch it out for 10 seconds,
maybe even the whole video.
Give them the pacing to read it and understand
as well as listening to what you're saying.
Don't cut it early, okay?
This is where the most important game comes in.
You have to be a great copywriter. Okay?
I'm gonna give you five principles for great copywriting.
Number one is you have curiosity in it.
Are you alluding to something later in the video that you.
That you could talk about, uh,
in the on screen text? Here's an example.
No.2. You take the approach of pain points.
Think about your ideal viewer profile.
What do they actually hate?
What are their biggest fears?
Go ahead and just address that right in the on screen text.
Number three is the opposite of that dream outcome.
What is your ideal viewer profile?
Absolutely want. They want this more than anything in the world.
It has to be specific, not just like $10,000 a month.
That's getting overplayed.
Go ahead and put the dream outcome right in the on screen text.
Number four is this needs to be tangible.
Can they hold it? Can they grab it?
Can they smell it? Can they see it?
This is not very tangible.
Here's a bad example and here's a good example.
And the fifth principle is.
I see so many people overlook this.
Do not be afraid to do the whisper technique.
The whisper technique is basically just these like
little quotations or whatever they're called parentheses.
And just put something that either builds curiosity later
or you use a risk rehearsal.
What is the number one thing that might prevent someone from watching this video?
Go ahead and get ahead of it.
Okay. Maybe they're like,
I don't wanna spend too much time doing X, y, Z.
Okay, we'll say, hey,
not much time required. This is something I'm extremely passionate about.
So I worked with a company called Artec
and I coded my mind into their app and their on screen text generator.
And it's actually how I made the on screen text.
Here's my three step process for Artec.
Number one, toss your video in after you record it.
Okay, that's great.
Then you're gonna go ahead and analyse it
and it's gonna give you 10 on screen text.
These are gonna be really good.
Probably 80%. Probably better than what most of You guys are doing,
which is completely fine, but I'm gonna take my favourite 2 and combine them
based off of what's most unique in each of them.
And that's how I'm gonna get in on screen text like this.


I've grown over 10,000 followers in the past month, and I 've done it by focusing 100% of my effort on one thing. And the thing is, this strategy, it's not just for content. It works for everything in your life. Every speech, every presentation, every conversation. It's the reason I've been able to build a successful clothing brand. It's the reason I was able to raise a million dollars in VC funding for my startup. And it's something you should always be conscious of. That thing is progressive intrigue. Let me explain. Every video you make or thing you say is in some form a story. Even if it's like a tutorial video , you're telling a story. So you have to ask yourself, what makes a good story? A good story is when the plot continues to thicken. Every time you say something, you should be delivering both payoff and mystery. Every sentence should make the listener feel both enlightened and uns atisfied. The question your listener should always be asking themselves is, what happens next? Lots of creators say that to grow your page, all you need to worry about is the hook. I respectfully disagree. The hook is where the progressive intrigue matters the most because it's the first thing the listener hears, but it shouldn't be the only place you do it. This is probably the reason that you might have copied somebody's hook from the past, but didn't see the same success from it. The same thing goes for a conversation. Good conversation is one where every line of dialogue is progressively more intriguing than the previous line of dialogue. To implement the strategy, start thinking about imaginary transition words between every sentence. If those transition words aren't therefore, however, or for example, the sentence does not belong. If you don't believe me, re watch this entire video and pay attention to every sentence, and then you'll see.

you need to find your counter position
you do this one of three ways
simply put number one
you can add something to your niche
okay so horse riding plus a I
okay you're gonna stand out in both
number two is you can go upstream or downstream
you can talk to rich people
horse riding for rich people
or you can go horse riding for college students
you can go down you find a counter position there and then
No. 3 is you can counter position with what you're associated with okay
for example Huberman is in a self improvement
but he's associated with science
Nike is in athletics but they're associated with killers like Kobe Bryant
Michael Jordan etcetera
not like Lululemon so who do you quote
how do you communicate do you use math
do you quote Steve Jobs all that stuff is association
try these three tactics and watch yourself stick out today

