I made $48,000 in one month on 13,000 Tik Tok followers. I went from a job that was making less than $40,000 a year. Your life can radically change at 10,000 followers >> when it comes to producing like high performing content. What is important? >> Hooks don't actually matter. The backbone of a truly phenomenal personal brand is great ideas. We have three things that make a great idea. They're unique. They have the proper TAM totally addressable market and they're very uh specific. I'm like holding my son and like trying to take a two week break from work. I had open claw for the first time and it generated some ideas and it was the first time ever AI did a better work than me >> if someone wanted to grow a meaningful following first 10,000 first 100,000 followers fast using AI agents. What in your mind is the step one >> in the skill I'm going to give you? I'm giving you guys about 60 to 70 hours of my intellectual property. You're just going to >> Before we get into the episode, I have to say that it's pretty surreal to me that I get to do this and record this show for you guys and so many of you tune in and leave comments and likes on the content. The reason why I do this show and I record every single week is that I want to show that anything is possible. Any dream, any delusion that you have in your mind right now, you can bring it to reality. One of my goals at the moment is that I have this crazy delusional dream that this time next year we'll reach a million subscribers on this channel. And so if you click that subscribe button, the promise that I'll make to you is that we're going to improve this show every single week. And so I want to take you on that journey with me. So hit that subscribe button and let's get into the show. when it comes to short form video on Instagram and Tik Tok, I've started to see you everywhere and and the way you've done it, you've done it fast. You've done it like in a very short amount of time. And so if someone's clicked on this video wanting to quickly grow their audience on Instagram, on Tik Tok, and do it in an effective way, what's the one thing that you're going to show them today that they wouldn't have seen anywhere else? >> Yeah. I mean, the reality is the backbone of a truly phenomenal personal brand is great ideas. Great ideation. Whenever I say ideas, it's just the talking points. What are you actually talking about? um that's what separates kind of the beginners um over to the intermediates and even to the advanced. It's all about psychology at this point, right? Like we'll get into it, but hooks don't actually matter as much as people make them seem like they matter, which is a huge thing. Here are my five favorite hooks. It all comes down to, you know, we're getting about a quarter billion views across all platforms per month and uh for our clients, and it comes down to good ideas. >> Yeah. You know, I think the thing that I um enjoy about your content, but also why I wanted you on the show is that you're not just like a a content strategist or a personal brand strategist. You're a practitioner like you're actively doing this on your own channels and growing fast as well as with your clients. And it's interesting when it comes to content because you run like a successful like multi-million dollar agency, but you said this when we spoke before. He said, "I started posting my own content in May of 2025." He said, "My agency was probably doing about half a million before I started posting. Then I started posting my own content and that trip that doubled tripled the speed of everything." And so, can you take us back [snorts] to that origin like that starting moment of you start posting content and then what that's meant for your business? 100% 100%. I actually just got like a um a memory from Tik Tok saying like, "Hey, it's been one year." Basically, what had happened is I've been running my agency for maybe six to seven months and it was doing well. It was more money than I could have ever dreamed of doing. I I went from a job that was making less than $40,000 a year. I made my first post in May. It was basically this kind of this entrepreneurial like here here's what I've been up to. Here's what I did. in it. And then I was like, post number two and three were more about creative strategy and content strategy and short form strategy. And I had hundreds of inbound leads in three videos. And you know, we were able to double revenue like that through inbound leads. And uh you know, since then, in a year, we're up maybe 6x 600% year-over-year, which is insane. >> Yeah. You know what? It's um and it's interesting, Brier, and thank thanks for sharing that that story. It's interesting cuz I speak with a lot of creators either for this show or personally, and they make highquality content. What they haven't figured out how to do yet is actually using AI and AI agents in that process. And so, you and I had a call a few weeks ago where you kind of walked me through some of the things that you're doing behind the scenes. And I left that call thinking, he's built one of the first like AI truly AI native businesses that I've seen where you're running this agency that does 2 to 3 million a year with four employees and heavily leveraging AI. Can you just make it clear to people high level because we'll go deeper into the weeds, but high level, how are you using AI agents to actually help make content for clients that's quickly growing their accounts, their audience? How are you doing that? >> Yeah. So, um I know you asked me specifically on the agents. I want to just talk a little bit about the business model because I think it's absolutely fascinating and it's truly like you said one of the very first AIdriven business models. I got it from a guy named Taylor Holidayiday who runs a he he's exited twice. He's basically this awesome agency and he basically said there's a world where labor can just get cheaper and cheaper. And so in the day old days agencies would have terrible margins. You have to scale through people and that's just not the case anymore. And in the same week I had a baby. My my son was born March 8th and in the same week I listened to two podcasts. It was Y Combinator when I was on paternity leave talking about how agencies as a service so a business model and then Taylor Holidayiday talking to me about how labor is going down and so he can actually keep his prices low and deliver more for his clients. and he talked about this interesting concept like what if I actually lowered my prices on my clients over time because it was easier easier easier for us to do work for them. And so these two worlds came together when I'm like holding my son and like trying to take a two week break from work and I'm like this is where we're going. This is where we're going. one month before that I had open claw for the first time and it generated some ideas which we're going to get to and it was the first time ever AI did a better work than me and I was like we can truly give a better service a better product as an agency to my clients than we have ever been able to do before for a fraction of the cost. So it's funny you said four employees we're down to three and revenue is still going up. You know we're the team size is going down and revenue is going up. That's the business model here. And so how you asked specifically, how do we um deploy AI agents? Anything that is like that's manual labor that is not strategy, we have agents doing, okay? Designing carousels on Instagram, running research, scraping ideas, analyzing data, all of the stuff that literally would would have been a full-time employee, right? We are completely scrapping and having agents run it. So a creative director inject strategy. The agents take the execution all the way to the end. The creative director then polishes it up, delivers it to the product. And so we went from only short form, just literally ideas and edits and posting and data to now we run a full creative director agency, short form, long form, so YouTube thumbnails, all of that stuff, clipping it up, and then even LinkedIn and X and even helping with our funnels because we can just speed up all this process. And we've kept the price the exact same the whole entire time. >> Yeah. You know, it's actually like a it's a crazy world we live in. Like even I don't think I've listened to a conversation with a business owner that says that we're producing more for our clients at less of a price. Like it doesn't even sound real to hear. And so because you you actually showed me some of the some of the behind the scenes of this some of the behind the scenes of this and it's pretty special. But can you just share with people because I think we're so used to seeing content that's been generated or AI has been part of the process and it's like this slop, right? Like we've all seen the LinkedIn posts with like the emojis or like the the hyphens and you can tell that it's AI generated. And so high level again, can you just speak to I get that you've been able to provide more for your clients at a fraction of the price, but what about the results of that content that you've been able to provide and help with? >> Yeah. I mean, we'll get into what truly makes AI slop and what doesn't, but we've added I mean, in November, December, we had a girl who was a top 10 fastest growing personal brand online. She was adding 180,000 followers a month, roughly maybe a little less than that. Uh we just had a top name podcast jump on uh the team and they've been with us for 30 days and their views and metrics are up about 46% immediately in less than 30 days about 28 days. Um, we had a client that was able to he's currently in in the process and will probably raise close to I think it is $3 million for his real estate fund all through his personal brand. And this stuff is all powered by AI. That's the way that I like to think about it is it is powered by by AI. It is not polished by AI, right? And so I mean the results do for themselves and this is what I always tell people is like oh well AI they always say AI will never understand taste they'll never understand psychology. Let me just like paint a picture for you. What if theoretically AI could go interview 10,000 people and ask them show them pictures what does taste mean to you? Externally process this and then gather all that data. It can learn taste pretty fast, right? It's all just data and everything can be quantified. Every this is what people don't understand. Everything can be quantified. Psychology can be quantified. I hate to say it. Family fee is basically just quantified psychology, right? And so we just send these agents out on missions to just truly get a feedback loop and kind of grow and the things that maybe even feel like, oh no, it's too creative. Like I'm the creative one. I'm the artist. I'm the psychologist. Well, guess what? We're going to go interview 10,000 people and figure out what art means to them. and start making that art. And I I know people are going to hate that. That's like the most like antihuman thing of all time. But then we have a creative director come in, put the last 10% on it, and it's a beautiful product. It's not the LinkedIn with the emojis and the the hyphens or whatever. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of um and I remember we had a guest that explained it like this. It's really um the moat is like humans using AI. like it's like this uh this dynamic and this interaction between humans and AI and using it in the right way. And I think a lot of the times we hear this narrative of like uh the AI replacing humanity and and that's not that's not where we're at for at least from what I've heard and it sounds the same for like what you're doing with your business. >> Yeah. I think um the mo is the intellectual property and the systems that go into these AI agents. So it's those two things. Intellectual property. Do you actually know what great content is? And then the systems, what are you going to tell it to do? Where is it going to go? How's it going to do it? That's the mo in my opinion. And then um uh to your second point, will it replace AI or replace humans? It will move, it's already happening. AI will move humans who do not care about a craft into a less fortunate place. It won't replace them. It'll just move them. We're seeing this. cuz I just saw this this uh this post from the ClickUp which is a project manager tool. They I think they downsized 22%. And he said we are not cutting costs. It's not because our revenue is bad. It's because we want to take this money and give it to the people who are actually doing more of the work. And so the 22% of people who just got cut were the people who were seen as probably expendable or new or you know maybe not truly ferociously pursuing a skill or a career and so they're going to move down into you know a different role probably at a lower salary. >> Yeah. You know, it's it's um I'm glad you shared it because it's it's tough to I think for many people it'll be like tough to hear, but I think and and this is my hope is that to your point, it will allow opportunity for people to work on things and do it at a higher level, but the things that they truly care about, like their craft, the thing that they feel like they were put here to do. And so, you know what, Brier, cuz I I think about that visual uh and that story that you described of your son is just born and he's 2 weeks old and you're like holding him, but you're also listening to this podcast and you've had this experience uh like building your first agent with Open Claw. And so can you take us back to that moment, that first experience with open claw and that kind of like vivid moment when you realize, okay, this is something that we should actually be using in our processes in my business. Like this can actually do a better job than me in some respects. Like take us back to that. Okay, real quick. While we're on the topic of AI, I wanted to show you one of the new ways that I'm using AI, specifically granola, that I think you'll find extremely useful. My prediction is is that it's going to save you hours of time every single week. And so, to give you the context, this is a response that I recently got from Granola that gave me the most important patterns it's noticed across our last five team meetings that I should be aware of to improve the show. And so, this was one of my favorite outputs. Granola said that we keep leaving the same editorial note to get to the good part faster on every single episode. Now, this is something that I focus on in the interviewing stage to speed up our editing process. And so, this has been such a useful part of using Granola because if I wanted to find these patterns myself, I would have [snorts] had to take an insane amount of notes on every single meeting and then spend hours reviewing these notes and trying to find these useful patterns manually. But using Granola to transcribe my meetings and then their action items and then the questions that I can ask Granola, it makes that process so simple. And so if you look here, I was just able to come in, find the signal, give it some quick context, and it was able to give this super useful and accurate output, and it took minutes. And so if you're someone like me who's always in meetings, I highly recommend using Granola. And the best part is that you can just hit that link in the description and you'll get 100% off your first month with Granola. Thank you to them for sponsoring this episode. Let's get back to the show. >> It would have been middle of February this year. I have a friend named Wyatt Wilson. Shout out Wyatt. Wyatt is like a chief AI officer for a private equity company. He's super super talented and very technically sound in his AI. He helped me set up my open claw. I had no idea what the hell he was doing. I had never been inside of a terminal before. I didn't know what was happening. We just sat down for like six hours and he help me set it up. And I was like, "All right, we'll see if this was just the biggest waste of time ever or not." And I kind of didn't really know what I was doing. So, I'm kind of just like talking to my open club like, "Hey, tell me about yourself like what is the best way to like get results?" And it kind of starts breaking me down like, you know, it's infrastructure and stuff like that. And um I had, you know, I I have consulting calls. I had probably 60 hours of consulting calls kind of in this like Google Drive. And I just kind of pointed my open claw at it and I said, "Hey, like I have a lot of intellectual property in here on like what I think makes a great idea because because at that time ideiation was 40% of my company's workload. You know, we would do so much research, so much ideation, all this stuff and we present it to the clients and then like they would probably accept 70%, you know, adjust 30%. It was just such a it take 15 hours for for uh for one of my creative directors. They were ideulating for 15 of their 40 hours and I just told my open claw like, "Hey, go through this Google Drive, figure out what I like about ideas and then tell me what you're about to do and then just go do it." And it was like, "All right, yeah, here you go." And like you talk about these three things, which we're going to get into. I was like, "Yeah, perfect. Go do it." It needed some like access to some stuff. So, I gave him some access. And again, I'm like kind of holding my son and or this would have been before he was born, but just kind of like doing whatever work and um it generates the 10 ideas and I'm looking at it and I'm just like these are we have we have three things that make a great idea. They're unique. They have the proper TAM total addressable market and um they're very uh specific in the psychology. So that has to resonate with the audience and nine of the nine out of the 10 of them were perfect and they were better than whatever I could have done and I did it in less than 15 minutes. I did it in six minutes and I was like this is crazy. Listen to those two podcasts I talked about the Y Combinator and Taylor Holiday podcast and I just thought to myself like I have to go all in on this. I have to I have to I have to this is the craziest thing ever. And so we are now delivering 50 different deliverables all within 20 to 30 minutes now just like that ideation. It just blew my mind man. And so a lot of people think like AI slop and I was the same way. it's never gonna be that good. It's AI slop. Like, ah, it only gets me 50% of the way there. That was the very first moment where it did better work than me. And I would say that I was in the top, you know, whatever 1% of ideiators whenever it comes to content and did it in, you know, whatever 15 minutes compared to 15 hours. >> Yeah. >> You know, that's that that'll change your life right there. >> Yeah. That that's like a crazy juncture, right? 15 hours to 15 minutes. that you don't even think about that. I'm curious and even in that 6h hour period of time, and we'll get deeper into it later in the conversation, but even in that 6-hour period of time when you were working uh with your friend Wyatt, what is it that you guys got right where it could take a 15-hour process and turn it into a 15minute process? And here's the significant part is actually the idea like the final output was at a level if not even better than what you or a creative director would have come up with in the 15 hours. >> Yeah. I mean the 6 hours was literally just the basics of setting up open clock in the the moments where I was prompting it and and I want to get to this is is there's kind of like this this these steps of what make that we've learned over time. I didn't know this at the time. I learned this over time of what make a great like content skill. Uh, and we're going to dive into that more on my on my mirrorboard here. So, I don't want I don't want to give it away early, but the big thing I'll just kind of foreshadow here. It's it's context and systems. It's context and systems. So many people just get into claw and say, "Give me 10 ideas." That is atrocious, atrocious, atrocious way to use AI. You need to give it context. Literally, what is your brand document? What are your four pillars? What are your top performing videos in the past? What are the things that you don't want to talk about? What does a good output look like? What does a bad output look like? You need to inject all of the intellectual reasoning into it on the front end. All of it like like way way way more than you think. And then it goes through the processes. And most people don't even give it the process. So, we're going to talk about skimming different channels, finding competitors, and all of that stuff. But yeah, that's the big difference right there is context and system thinking. >> Yeah. You know, I'm so glad that you mentioned that because I think a lot of people will hear the the headline or that the catchy headline of like 15 hours to 15 minutes neglecting the setup and the context and the systems levels thinking that actually helps you get useful outputs. And so from what I've seen, and I'm not even there yet at 100,000 on Instagram, is most people don't get there. And so I wanted to understand from your vantage point because you've worked with people at so many different levels. You've even grown your following. I saw that you recently passed 100,000 followers on Tik Tok. What is important? Like when we just take that first stage, let's say the zero to 10,000 followers. So many people don't even know what they have to get right. And so from your vantage point, what is it that I need to get right? the two or three things that I need in place in order to get my first 10,000 like meaningful followers on Instagram. >> Yeah, I'll give you four things. And first, I'll say your life can radically change at 10,000 followers. Not I'm not saying like meaningfully. I'm saying not meaningfully in your day-to-day. I'm talking like life changing. I in in last June, so literally coming up on a year, I made $48,000 in one month on 13,000 Tik Tok followers. Okay, think about that. I had never That's more than probably my parents made in a whole year combined growing up. And that's Tik Tok followers and it's 13,000. My life radically changed in that moment. And yeah, that's just a caveat. It can change faster if you have a true quality audience and if you're in the right niche, right? If you're teaching people fitness, it's probably not super lucrative at that number. But if you're teaching people tax strategy, your life will radically change at that number. Okay. But what you asked is what is like what is the path to zero to 10K? What is the secret sauce? Right? There's four things. I call this the language of social media. I think so many people they get on social media and they don't know how to speak the language of social media. They they're just posting what they think. But most people actually land closer to that like area um whenever it comes to the language of social media than the actual language. And so there's four things that I think make up the language of social media and do we have a consulting program. We come in, we give people these four things and I'm talking the results are like almost instant. It takes 60 days of just implementing these four things and their channels literally change like that. Number one is topics and ideas. Okay, you have to understand nobody cares about what you want to talk about. You have to figure out what they want to hear. Most people don't actually care about your life. And I know that's a hard pill to swallow, but you have to start making content for the viewer. That's like kind of the first frame. And then number two is like what makes a good idea underneath this first uh first category. It's uniqueness. It's spec specificity, psychology, all that stuff. The second thing is formats. And this is extremely underlooked. Like are you doing green screens? Are you using Instagram native captions? Are you using split screens where it's like you at the top and then a mirror board below you or like a whiteboard below you? Are you um doing those clone videos where it's like you're here and you're talking to yourself here? There's so many of these formats just the visual way a video comes across the screen that will just automatically we come in and I just say like just start making some green screen that'll automatically 10x your views. That's like the lowest hanging fruit is um mix up your formats. Don't just be in your car with the red bubbly Tik Tok text. That is really, really bad formatting. That's not the language of social media. Uh the third thing is understanding curiosity. So, how do I open curiosity in my hook? Just a simple book uh called cash advertising would go a long way. And then the fourth thing is storytelling at that point. Um you know, how do I uh truly analyze a story? You know, take people through a journey and then kind of like look at the data on that story. You could probably say storytelling and data are very similar, right? I'm looking at the data to figure out how good my storytelling was. So that's like kind of the pyramid that I think is is truly going to be the the the four horsemen you could say or the language of social media where in the next 60 days if you just did those four things better, you would you could get to 10,000 followers. We see that all the time. I would say a 50% hit rate in 60 days. If you just do those four things, you'll go from zero to 10,000. >> Yeah. You know what's interesting and and maybe this is controversial, but I feel like if people just took the first point you mentioned >> about like no one and and and you know what it's um I remember this vividly of like my content wasn't working on on the YouTube side and I see this video from a pastor actually his name is Owen McManus. We've had him on the show and there's this clip. I I didn't even see the full video. I just saw this clip on Instagram and he goes uh he goes uh everything changed for me when I realized uh that no one cares about your story. They care about their story. And if you and if they can see themselves in your story or they can see like a benefit or a value in your story, then they'll care about it. And it's like this key of so often I think in the beginning and I was like this so I feel it is we're so in our own head. We're so self-conscious when it comes to creating. >> 100% 100%. And people always say this. This is this is the argument that a lot of people make. Oh well how is anybody going to care about me? How is anybody going to get to know me and care about me? Dude, I haven't posted a damn thing about my life and people care about me because I've changed their lives. Yeah. And I think to your point, the thing that I've realized, there's different stages. So you're seeing a creator with millions of followers who has like this deep track record. You're seeing Alex Hormoszi talk about his story or do like vlog or even like Steven Bartlett doing vlog and documentary style content, but that was after they've built several successful things and done hundreds and thousands of successful posts. And like you're seeing the story afterwards. They gave you value first, like limitless value first. You know what, Brian? >> Oh, go ahead. >> Wait, real quick. Hero is a great example. We analyzed Hermos's first 10,000 videos. Everyone likes to see everything that he's doing now. His first 10,000 videos, we analyzed them. The first 300, 88% of them were about specifically how to grow your gym business. 88%. No motivation, not really talking about relationships, not really general business like sales and stuff like that. It was specifically how to grow your gym business. 88% for the first 300 videos. You guys want to post 300 videos and stay niched and actually give value, then I'll give you the green light to go talk about whatever you want after that. But get to the first 300 first. >> Yeah. You know, it's such a good point. Okay. So, you you kind of laid out the you call it like the four horsemen of getting to 10,000 followers. And then I actually saw a clip when you were talking about going from 10,000 to your first 100,000. And you said to go from 10 to 100,000 followers, it's all about counterpositioning. Can you explain what does that mean? When you say it's all about counter positioning, what is counterpositioning? And why does that take someone from 10,000 to 100,000 followers? >> Yeah. So counter positioning is basically this concept that you are differentiated against the market and it comes from business right. So Jeff Bezos says differenti differentiation is survival. They are synonyms, right? If you think about it, he literally started Amazon selling only what do you know what was the very first thing Amazon sold? >> It was books. It was books. Yeah. >> Books was his counterposition. Do you know where PayPal started? >> No. >> Where was PayPal very first? It was only You were only able to use PayPal inside of eBay. >> Oh, yeah. >> Right. And so so many people try to copy. It's like, oh, hey, it's a proven method. They're proving that that it works. Hermosi just said this. Well, guess what? He's playing by a whole different set of rules. He is maintaining an audience. You are trying to build the audience and truly transcend. And so, a counterposition is basically, you know, how do I look at the ecosystem of my niche and find my pocket? Find my pocket that actually makes me unique. And there's a couple techniques to do this. Um, my favorite is by there's two favorites that I have to find a good counter position. I'll give you three. Number one is going deeper into a skill set, right? Going deeper into a skill set. What I mean by that is like if I'm the content person, let me go be the content data person. I'm going to teach people data. If I'm the fitness person, let me go be the abs person. I'm just going to teach you abs better than anybody else. If I'm the basketball person, I'm going to teach you how to shoot three-pointers from the wing better than anybody else. Right? So, you can go deeper into a skill set. Right? This is like the concept of mastery. You just had Robert Green on. Go be known for one thing really good. It's actually how that that book really um inspired this concept. And then number two is combine two niches. So I kind of feel like I combine um content and AI. I don't talk about AI a ton on my platform. It's mostly in my business. But you can combine two niches. Basically right now if you just throw AI on something, it's going to do pretty well. But finding a cross between two is going to give you a counter position because rarely is there like a vin diagram. You know, you can be the middle of the vin diagram and stand out. And then the third one is just association, right? Like whenever I say Nike, you think of Kobe Bryant, Michael Jordan. They just associated themselves with different people, right? And so what I mean by that is like, hey, who is going to be the poster on your wall? Who are you going to give examples about um whenever you tell your stories? That's all the association. What shirts are you going to be wearing? I'm like very specifically wearing intentional clothes right now for association. Maybe five people are going to watch this and actually know what both of these things are. And that's exactly what I want. Exactly what I want. So, little master class on counter positioning right there. I could go for days on this. Um, but I will uh I'll digress a little bit. >> You know, it's it's so good. We're going to get into the the AI stuff, but just quickly on that point cuz as you were speaking, I had this thought that people will hear that, right? Like the the counter positioning and it'll make sense because all of the things that stick out to us, they're like they uh they go against the grain in some regard. They they're slightly differentiated. And then typically what I see and this is I know this also because this is what I did. I see people do one of two things. Either uh they create content in a way that is like a copycat of someone that they admire or someone who's at the top of what they wanted to do. They'll go and they want to do a podcast or they'll go and find the number one or like a podcast on the top 10. Same topic, same set, same talking points, same everything. So that's the one thing I see, right? It's like a complete copy of what's working or you get the people that uh the creatives, the artists, right? Like the I need to be completely original. And a lot of the times actually stops people creating cuz they're like waiting for this this perfect niche, this like original thing that's not anywhere else. And I actually think um I think both parts of it I've tried to do both. I think both of them get it uh wrong. They're misplaced. They're misaligned, which is you can take something that works but provide like a slight differentiation. And uh my my belief is it's so difficult now, almost impossible to be truly original. The people that you look at and are original, they've usually taken something that worked and had like a slight differentiation, a unique edge of it. You know, I think about the guy that does the subway takes thing. It's just like kind of almost Man on the Street interviews, but it's in the subway. It's like a It's something that worked slightly different and then it's like it takes off and he seems like original. It's like, oh, he came up with Subway takes. Uh the same with the guy that does like Hot Wings or what is it? Hot Ones. Um same thing. >> Yeah, I mean, you're spot on. I think the book Steel Like an Artist is a great book for this. Uh, it talks about kind of taking inspiration while not being like an actual copycat. If you want a resource on this, I like skimmed it like a year ago and I really liked it for the skim. Um, the easiest way to do this is to go find people. So, so people usually have a disconnect in the content they consume versus the content they create. >> Yeah. You know what, uh, Brian, it'd be interesting to see what you think or hear what you think. I think the thing that's the most frustrating and when you're trying to build an audience and it's not really working, the thing that makes people quit is like the not knowing what's not working. Like there's so many things it can be. I even think about your agency and all the different services you provide your clients from like scripting, it's editing, it's posting, it's analytics. Like which one of these things isn't working? And when you and I spoke a few weeks ago, you had a really clear answer on this. You said the most important thing that someone can do right now is short form ideiation. Out of all of the things that I listed, so the editing, the data, the analy like the whole thing. He said the most important thing, short form ideiation is the bottleneck for 99% of people. Can you explain two things? First of all, why did you say that? Why is the short form ideation piece? And then specifically when it comes to AI and AI agents, how are those agents helping you when it comes to ideiation? Yeah, great question. So, there's three principles on why I think short form ideation is kind of the the um epicenter of content and media is number one, we are in a day where idea or editing doesn't really matter that much. Nothing has to be flashy. Like you can pull out a phone and yap in your car. And so guess what that means? The only thing that are kind of inside of a yap video. It's literally like what am I going to talk about? You know, that's the first step. The first principle is there's there's way less fluff. And so whenever there's less fluff, there's a more um concentrated set of uh everything hinges on one specific skill set. Uh number two is short form. specifically on Instagram is discovery first. So, you're able to build your following and build your authority better than maybe YouTube or LinkedIn, some of these other platforms. The discoverability of being able to post a video of me in my car for 90 seconds and get 1,000 views on a bad video is the first time that has ever ever ever ever ever happened. Ever in the history of humanity. Imagine going back a thousand years and saying, "Hey, I can get a,000 people to listen to you for 90 seconds every single day for free. You can talk about whatever you want." That is crazy. And it's it has that discoverability so I can build my following and give more reach unlike a traditional YouTube, LinkedIn newsletter, etc. So that's why I say short form, right? So I I explained ideation, I explained short form, but I want to give you a third thing and it's this concept that short form content is the epicenter of data too. Here's what I mean by that. Whenever you put out a short form piece of content, you get signal from the world on how they perceived what you just talked about. So I can literally find product market fit for a company just by making short form apps in my car. Give me 30 days and I can find my way through the data or the psychology of any niche to find product market fit. It's super it's super simple, right? Because all I do is let's say you want me to figure out a vitamin gummy. Well, I'm going to go make a video about, hey, the things I hate about vitamin gummies is how it tastes chalky. Okay, that video flop. People don't care about that. Thing I hate about vitamin gummies is that the whatever it never actually sinks into my muscles. Oh, wow. That video went mega viral. Wow. People like about that like that. There becomes my marketing plan for my vitamin gummy. You know what I mean? So it is a data. So even before I even launch the YouTube like the short form informs what I would make my YouTube video about, right? Like I make my YouTube videos based on what I'm learning from the data of my short form. I would have never thought people would have cared about counterpositioning. And then one day I accidentally made a video about counterpositioning and it blew up. And so I made three more and they all blew up. And you probably have seen it or I talked about it because people liked it and now it's on this podcast all the way back from some random video I made because I was reading some random business book in June of last year, right? It was data that compounded. And so those are my three reasons why I truly think ideation on short form is the most important skill that anybody can have. And I would do I would even maybe even argue like out of anything in the world, forget social media. Like sure, learn agents, great. Go become AI proficient. That's probably number one. Number two is the distribution. You're hearing all these people spinning up apps, these vibecoded apps. There's like thousands of vibe coded apps hitting the uh the marketplace, the app store every single day and they're not going anywhere because none of these people, none of these kids that are so savage at coding, vibe coding have any distribution. If you come alongside and say, "Hey, I'm pretty good at Instagram." You can make a lot of people a lot of money right now. And I was interviewing um a client of mine, a mentor of mine, a close friend of mine. He has a hundred million dollar in real estate assets underneath management. I said, "Hey, if you had to give up your half a million followers across all platforms or your hundred million dollars of real estate, which one would you give up?" He said, "I give up the $100 million of real estate and I'd keep the personal brand." A personal brand is truly the greatest asset to build in 2026, probably until 2030 before AI kind of floods in. And I think it kind of um becomes really tough to build from there. >> Yeah. >> So I think there's a short window on it too. >> Yeah. You know, I actually as I was listening to you, I was like there's actually like a mindset switch that is necessary both in terms of like building personal brand but really just building like successful businesses, you know, like when we talk about building like multi-million dollar companies because I think about historically if you are an entrepreneur and you wanted to start like a a big business or find like a great product, you'd probably spend months like months maybe even years like ideulating trying to come up with the perfect product, then the marketing plan. You're doing like focus groups and test groups and to try and figure out what people want. And now it's like as simple as you pick you pick up your phone, you create this video on short form and you're like putting these out into the world. It's like the the speed the speed of going to market and getting the data is like unparalleled. Like it's actually it requires this like mindset shift on all of our behalfs cuz we're so used to like these long cycles of of creating and getting information back from the market. And now it's like with short form and with especially if you have a personal brand. It's like you can test multiple ideas and get thousands of like results in seconds within a day. like it's a completely different world like era that we're moving into. You know what, Brier, cuz it kind of blew my mind when you went through this with me a few weeks ago. Can you show people kind of when it comes to AI and using these agents in your business and specifically with idea generation, ideiation? Can you show people what's possible like how you're using it, the way that you're using it? Because I think for me personally, I know I I've started getting aware more and more aware of like how AI agents can be used in businesses and in content. But I think that the way that you're doing it, you've taken it to another level. Okay. So, this is what my team uses. We call this Earl. This is the user interface of our company. And uh truly, I believe that this is going to be um it's going to change this this little little user interface right here is going to change a lot of lives. So, you click in uh here and you get immediately our client suite. Okay. And uh we're building this out, cleaning it up. We're going to click on this creator right here. Um she's one of my favorite c uh clients that we've ever worked with. So, you come in here and uh what you should be able to see is these are a decent little amount of some of the the products that we provide. So you can see storyboarding, trial re systems, crossosting, webinar email flows, um, email sequences, ideiation, competitor watch list, a bunch of this stuff. And right here, every single Monday, my team walks in. Let me see if I can zoom in on this for you. I might not be able to. There we go. I can. >> Yeah, that's >> my team walks in and there are already their deliverables are already done waiting for them. >> The technical side. So they walk in, all they're doing is reviewing these 10 ideas. So these have uh you know this is for a blue collar a blueco collar niche and you can see yap it gives a a reference let's see if we can uh revise >> so these are like short form videos >> these are short form videos short form videos and uh you can see here a lender just begged home service owner to stop taking loans they don't need and 430 this 413 this is pulled basically from a either a Reddit article or a YouTube post or something like that. It gives us some context here and uh they'll be able to just rip through this. So, you can see um customer just blew up over $20,000 in change order. $442,000 people watched the fight. That tells us that there's signal around this. Here's the fourline clause. That means you'll never have to have that conversation. So basically this video is a concept where hey if you have this fourline clause in your contracts you will never have to worry about this video that they're going to go react to or green screen around. Right? So when it found a video that was trending they're going to be able to green screen it in the background and then give them the value of what to put into a contract specifically for like home service blue collar companies. So very niche specific right? He's just teaching them hey whenever you're making contracts you're going to want these four lines in it. And by the way, here's a video that we're gonna add as and we're going to react to. >> So scanned the internet and found some really good stuff here. >> Yeah. And I guess the so so it's doing the the research. So your team walks in Monday morning or gets to the desk Monday morning. The agent or whatever you've built underneath this has already done the research online to find topics that make sense within your client's niche. They've then also and then then it also and you let me know if I'm right with this Brier. It sounds like it's also picked out the right format. So it will tell them, okay, what I have in mind is like a YAP video or like a green screen video. >> Yeah, Callum, let me blow your mind real quick. This is how crazy this gets. We have built in ingestion from the calls, the text messages, and the Slack. So if a client says on a call like, "Hey man, dude, I'm just really struggling with green screens." the agentic system will pick it up and do less of the strategy that we put in place. So we usually start with the strategy of the formats, the topics we want to hit and it's starting there as a baseline and then week over week it's getting ingested context of the client based off of what they liked, what they didn't liked, the data, what's performing, what's not performing and any strategy change that we don't even have to upload into it. It is all through agentic systems grabbing a call, transcribing it, making the updates, injecting it into the context of a client. So that's that's insane like overkill stuff that I'm not expecting a user here watching to actually be able to execute. Like even this like probably doesn't look super user friendly. There's a ton of, you know, ways that we use it. But the the skills that I'm going to give you guys by the end of this are going to be way more way more user friendly. >> Yeah. I think I think it's an an important point which is you've been doing this for like a number of months and you've actually brought on like specialists to help build it to this level, but the fundamentals of this and like the first like almost like a rough pass of what this could look like and be helpful and like valuable to someone is what we're going to share with people. >> 100% 100%. Yeah. Let me uh if you don't if you don't mind, Callum, I'm going to go through just a little mind map because I think it's important for people to see what is inside of these skills and these agents. >> Y >> I feel like you want to know what's on the inside so you know like what could be wrong, right? I heard this. I think uh Jimmy Haynes says this, you want to learn sales before you bring on a sales team so you know if they're screwing you over, if they're actually good or not. >> Yeah. like you want to learn at least a decent level of the skills that you want be before you add in all these systems. I think the same thing applies with agents. If you don't understand the architecture of an agent and what really can make a sound agent or a sound idea, then you're not going to know what breaks whenever it doesn't work. So, I'm going to fly through this and um we should be able to uh get some really good value here and then we can go into the actual setup for everybody. Okay. So, whenever you're building your ideation engine, I'm going to walk through I'm going to talk about why ideation actually matters. I'm talk about what makes a good idea, how to generate quality ideas, and then how to contextualize, which is extremely important. Talk about stealing from other niches and kind of inspiring how to actually contextualize. So, let's get into it. I kind of talked about this, but the hierarchy of what makes a great Instagram video is topics or ideas. Those are synonyms to me. Okay, topics and ideas are synonyms, formats, which we talked about, hooks, and then storytelling. And here, I wonder if I can zoom in a little bit. Uh here is Sam Godette, who is a close friend, and um uh Dan Martell, who is one of the fastest growing personal brands. should definitely go follow Sam and Dan on um on Instagram. Sam right here is saying topic is literally king. So, one of the best creative directors in the space saying the exact same thing as me. This is Caleb Rston right here, friend of the pod has been on uh saying the exact same thing. The biggest the caption right here was a little small. Says the biggest predictor of your content success comes down to the idea more than anything else. More than anything else, which is crazy. Caleb's been in the pod, right? >> Yeah, >> that was what that was a while ago. Yeah, >> I would say maybe like six months ago. Six, seven, eight months ago. >> Okay, that wasn't that bad. Yeah, exactly. So, two of the biggest people in the space. Just kind of reaffirming um what I've been saying just so you guys can get some extra credibility around it. Again, go follow both of those people. Absolute savages crushing in the space. So, what makes a great idea? It's the intersection of three things. It is proper TAM, which we're going to get into. It is the fact that it is unique and novel and that it has specific psychology. So tame is the total addressable market, right? So kind of if I say this is a hook of a video and I say, "Hey girlies, if you are a freshman or sophomore at Arizona State and you love Pilates, you got to come out to our space this Saturday." Okay, the TAM of that video is like maybe a few thousand people. It's freshman and sophomore females interested in plotties available on Saturday and they go to Arizona State. If I say, "Hey, if you want to make a piss ton of money in the next six years, watch this video." That Tam is like a lot of people, right? Everyone who wants to make a piss ton of money in the next six years, right? It's like the only people who are not in there are people who are deeply unmotivated by money and people who may maybe already have the money, right? That's like that TAM is like 95% of the world, right? Billions of people. Now, whenever I say proper TAM, one is not better than the other. You just need to know which one you're going for. Sometimes you want to go for a larger TAM and get more reach. Sometimes you want to be very, very specific. So, I eb and flow. For example, for me, I had a video 100,000 views almost. It was how to have ungodly levels of creativity. Okay, that has nothing to do with content creators. was higher tam just creativity in general I had musicians and writers you know watching that on the flip side I will say here's your first three stages of hiring a media team that TAM is way way smaller right that's people who are only ready to hire a media team I'm teaching them stage one stage two stage three right 100,000 views 10,000 views and that's exactly what I wanted that is exactly what my intention was so proper TAM is a good idea is you're just you're just setting your expectation with what the video is going to be about. Number two is unique and novel. We talked about this. It is better um to have uniqueness rather than copy and to have a better hook, all of that stuff. Neil Patel, another great marketer, ran a study, I think on a on a thousand videos that all had over a 100,000 views. He said the only thing or excuse me, there's two things that got 100%. So all all 10,00 videos and uh one of the things was hooks and the was a good hook and the other one was to add novel information. So novelty, uniqueness, can you say people have never heard of this heard this online before? That's going to play a big part of it. And then specific psychology basically is who am I speaking to and what do they actually care about? Right? If I'm speaking to, you know, soccer players, there's like some things that they don't really care about, you know, where like people might say, if I'm speaking to an elite level soccer player and I say how to do a through ball, they're like, "Bro, I've been doing through ball since I was in sixth grade. I don't need to hear that." Right? But if you hit it really spec I don't know soccer, so bear with me here. This I'm going to make some stuff up. If you hit it really specifically where it's something like um you know understanding how to mirror as a left back in division one college that could be like exactly what a division one player is thinking about like oh my gosh I don't even know if mirroring is a real thing. I was just thinking about like following the the winger going up and down the whatever the the pitch. And so uh like that could be exactly what they're thinking about and needing, right? And so you want to speak to their heart and that comes from deeply knowing your ideal viewer profile. So that's the intersection of three ideas. I'm going to pause there because we kind of just went over like two or three concepts with the Sam and the Caleb and then this right here. Any any questions on this little kind of uh first two stages. >> No, I think I think it's great. And I think the the thing that you said which is powerful is uh you're you're like varying this, you know, it's it's changing up video by video. You know, you might have some videos that it's like such a specific person, like it's meant to hit this specific person. You're bringing down the TAM because you want to speak directly with this person and build a ton of authority. And I think even when we talk about like, you know, being able to monetize a following that has a,000 followers or 10,000 followers, it's like that's how you're doing it, right? Like you're going so specific with the term. But then there's other times when if like if you're just trying to grow your your reach and just the total audience that you have, you might broaden out the TAM. Um so you're kind of like switching up these different things like adjusting these circles almost like dials. Uh >> yes, 100% based on your goals. >> Exactly. Exactly. Dude, you're it's almost like you do content. >> Yeah. It's almost like I do it. >> That's funny. Uh so this is the next thing. This is the next thing is where do we actually get these ideas? And this is what's going to be the backbone of the skill that I'm about to give you guys. The three best places online to generate and kind of scrape for ideas is Reddit. Why Reddit? Reddit is, you know, can potentially be seen as cringe, the basement of the internet. Here is why it is conversation is happening over there. People are talking to each other and it's anonymous, which means it's unfiltered thoughts. Instagram comments is not usually anonymous, right? People won't actually dialogue in an Instagram comment, but in Reddit they do. So Reddit is a great place where we're going to scrape from crossniche competitors which I'm not going to get into because we talked about it. And then YouTube outliers and here's why YouTube outliers count because YouTube is a click and watch platform. Have you heard that the thumbnail and the title or the backbone of the platform? >> Yeah, exactly. And so guess what the Go ahead. >> I was going to say I I've heard um I don't know if this is the same thing you're referring to, but I've heard uh YouTube referred to as a permissionbased platform. Someone has to make the choice to click on something. It doesn't just start playing. You know, when you go on your for you page on Tik Tok or Instagram, the content just starts playing at you. Whereas in YouTube, you actually have to click it. Like you have to make a choice. You have to give it permission to see what's happening. >> 100%. Exactly what I'm trying to communicate. And so what happens? That tells us that there is concentrated data on the thumbnail and the title. So if I want to watch an Instagram video, I'm going to have to watch the whole Instagram video to really figure out why it went viral. Sure, the hook probably helps, but on YouTube, if a video went did well, there's a 90% chance it was the thumbnail and the title. So I actually don't have to watch the whole video. I can go through my niche and just look at the YouTube thumbnail and the title and get signal. Signal is just data in a single singular direction. It's telling me where to look. I can go get signal based strictly off the title and the thumbnail. So that's why YouTube is super powerful. >> Same thing with Reddit. It's conversation based and it's anonymous. So these things these two these two platforms were not chosen randomly. >> They were chosen specifically because of what data and what is the psychology on these two platforms. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> It's not like we're going to X. We're not going to LinkedIn. We're not even going to Tik Tok, >> right? We're going to two places that have an epicenter of data and psychology. >> Yeah. >> That's unique. >> Then they give us the ideas. >> Yeah. I haven't I haven't heard anyone describe it like that, like the place. So, to be clear, Brian, when you're doing like your analysis and even, you know, when you show where it's uh these ideas that the agent is helping uh is giving uh to the creative directors at your company that's then going to these clients that you have. It's primarily taking those from Reddit data, YouTube data, >> and then cross niche competitors. So, we upload about 20 competitors from different niches for these clients. Yeah, exactly. Ours is a little bit more um we add some pillars to it. We add some pillars to it that uh we'll keep proprietary just to make sure that they're getting a little bit of the extra sauce if they're going to be paying me. Yeah. >> But uh but yeah, this is this is the 8020 rule for sure. >> Yeah. No, that's that's really good to know. Last thing is just internal data. This is not part of the skill that we're going to do, but there's a feedback loop now where it will analyze the data and then send it back in. And so it's like you have a video go viral that needs to come back to the ideation a week or two later. Again, not part of what we building, but this would be another place where I would suggest looking, right? And so the four ways that you might want to do it is is go through account. So what is true about their account? How big is it? You said Hermosi is playing a whole different game. Bingo. Hermosi can literally post a video of himself farting and it'll get 100,000 views. He can do whatever he wants. All right. You do not want to be copying someone's whose account is not in the same world as your account. Right? You want to be copying the people who have a similar account as you but maybe growing. Right? So the zero to 10,000 followers, right? Go figure out what is like overlapping or or at least diagnose and realize that hey's video might have did well, but his account did really well. So I need to maybe realize that this might not be the same as me. You know, great example is the Hermosi. Number two is the strategy. Some people are playing just the views views views views views game. Some people are playing the revenue revenue revenue revenue game. You need to make sure that their strategy is at least contextualized on why they might have made that video. Then their niche. Okay. Fitness people are motivated differently psych psychologically than finance people. So you need to ask yourself, you know, why did this work specifically for their niche, right? What do fitness bros often like? they're a little bit more um can be a little bit more redpilled, a little bit more uh kind of motivational, right? Where if I go over to a hyper artistic niche and I try to give them a motivational speech, I don't know, it might work, but it might not, right? Something tells me the psychology might be a little off there, right? And then the fourth thing is the creator. Like, is this person just have an insane gift of yapping that you just don't have? are they extremely hot and you're not like creators have skill sets that actually can lead to a video doing super well. So we do is we analyze the video and this kind of happens a little bit more inside of the skill. But we used to do this all manually. You know what where's this account at? What is their strategy? What is their niche? What is their what is the creator good at? Bad at, etc. Now just let that let me let that inform my context whenever I make the video. That doesn't mean I'm just going to stop doing it if me and this person aren't aligned. It just needs to have a little bit of information as I go over to my video. >> Yeah. >> Okay. >> No, that makes sense. >> Again, that's a little bit more higher level. We can we can if you want to talk about that, we definitely can, but um yeah, a little more complex. >> Yeah. No, that makes sense. Okay. What do what do we what do we have next? >> All right. The last thing here is what actually makes this what you've kind of been asking me. What actually makes a good content skill? Okay. So, this is the infrastructure, the architecture of the skill that we are about to go through. Number one is context. So this is a context layer. You hear any gifted really high level AI strategist. They are talking about you need to have a good context layer. What this means is basically like if it's going to make me videos, it needs to know who I am, my story, my niche, my brand guidelines, what has worked before, what has not worked before, what I like to talk about, what I don't like to talk about, who my competitors are, what my keywords are, all of this stuff. Context is the first layer. So so many people, we talked about this, they just jump into an LLM like Claude and say, "Give me 10 videos." Well, guess what? There's no context inside of it. So there's usually your context of who you are and then context of what the skill should generate, what a good idea is, right? Like we just went through. So inside of the skill I'm going to give you guys is the context. It's going to get context from you and then it's going to give you the intellectual property of Brier on what he thinks a good skill is, okay? A good idea is, excuse me. That's number one. Number two is systematic processes. So, this just means go to Reddit, go to YouTube, you know, go scan the competitors, drop it into a notion doc for me. You have to literally give it stepbystep processes of where to go, what to do there, how to do it. Like, don't you can't just always just be like, "Hey, go do this for me. Go give me 10 ideas." It has to be you have to explain the journey that the agent should go on. Just like a good leader can build an SOP for a for an employee, it's the same exact skill. Can you break it into a stepbystep process that the agent can then go down so it doesn't have because you don't want to have it to have too much reasoning because that's where they get a little loosey goosey and start having their own reasoning come in. We don't want that. We want it to go through our reasoning. >> Yeah. You know, one one quick thing because I thought this was really helpful for me to understand this process, which is we had a guest come on the show a few weeks ago and he said um something very similar to what you just said, which just reminded me, which is uh you can think about the agent that you're building like an employee. And so if you're a manager in your own workplace and you bring in a new employee and it's their first day of work, you wouldn't just go send them to go get you 10 ideas without knowing anything about the company. Like there would be this onboarding process and in that onboarding process would include like context of the company, who you are, your goals, what their job role is, like it would include all of this context. And then when it comes to them doing actual tasks, most of the time what you would do is they would sit next to you and they would watch you as you go about doing the task and you show them where to find the information, what files it's in, what folders, oh, you need access to this Google Drive. Let me allow you access. Like it's actually the way that you would just logically think about onboarding a human employee is remarkably similar to how you would onboard and build your agent or like use the skill and actually like generate something to generate something that's actually valuable. And so typically when people end up with the slop, it's because they never went through this onboarding process. It's the equivalent of if you first day someone joins your company, oh just go and find me 10 good ideas and I haven't told you anything about the business or what we're trying to do. Dude, right? Like spot on. Spot on. The the best um AI driven users. They're one of the best skill sets is just being a good leader and having clear communication. That's all you're doing is you're just literally leading an employee with clear communication, >> which is crazy. >> Yeah. Especially now the vibe coding's in the picture. I have zero technical background. It's just simple communication and like a reasonable dose of leadership. >> Yeah. >> So, great point. Um, the third thing is the intellectual property. What makes a great script? What makes a great idea? It needs to it needs to have some type of of reference of what is true greatness, right? So many people um just expect the LLM to build them a business plan. Well, guess what? It's just going to be using like the most basic stuff from Google. You know what I mean? Now, if you go give the intellectual property from your five favorite business gurus and how they built business plans, you say, "Hey, here's the intellectual property of what a great business plan looks like." Then you send it on the systematic process and the context of who you are. And then it uses the intellectual property of these five favorite business plan gurus, then you might have a better output. >> Yeah. So, in this skill I'm going to give you, I'm giving you guys about 60 to 70 hours of my intellectual property all kind of baked into it. And it's from all my consulting calls. It's kind of this knowledge hub of what I believe about content, ideiation, all that stuff. And so, I'm giving you the uh intellectual property so you guys don't have to go read the 15 to 20 books that I've read on human psychology, but might be worth it. You know, who knows? So, intellectual property is the third pillar. The fourth pillar is a quality control or a validation check. A lot of agents now. Um so like the Hermes agent will have this. Uh you can install these quality controls inside of open claw inside of cloud code. It's very simple. All it's doing is just making sure that the agent actually did what it said it's going to do. Sometimes it'll like do something so stupid and you're like did you actually do what I told you to do? And it'll be like no I didn't. I'm sorry. >> Yeah. So just having a quality control or a validation check in it and then a trigger. So you come in maybe you just say command slash or forward slash ID8 and it makes your 10 videos but just this simple trigger to make sure because what happens is this was actually not simple. If you have set it up where it only triggers on hey ideate 10 videos for me and you say hey do my ideation that could literally trigger a whole different system could not even use the skill. So, you need to make sure that you have a repetitive quote unquote prompt or trigger. Those are synonyms. And then the last thing is a feedback loop. The last thing is a feedback loop. Making sure that as it's because it's never going to be perfect. It's never going to be perfect. That's one of the things is like we are producing hundreds of pieces of content for our clients and we're getting feedback on every single one. So, the system just gets better and better and better and better. And you want to do this with yourself. You cannot expect it to be always amazing in the first one. I know like the story I mentioned felt like that but it gets way better over time. Way better over time. So you give it the feedback, you try again. You give the feedback, you try again. Like it will get very very good. It will get very very good. But there has to be a feedback loop. Um and that's it. That's kind of the backbones of what we're going to of what is actually inside of the skill. So I know it's a little bit long-winded there, but I think it's really important to truly understand like what goes into it. I think I think the fundamentals are so um important and like the the context is valuable. And so I guess my question to you Briar because there'll be people that are listening to this and like taking down notes and all of the things is you kindly have actually created a skill for this episode that if someone kind of wanted their their first attempt, their first uh draft, their first try at using AI agents to help with ideiation, it will like fast forward, accelerate that journey. And so can you explain first of all the skill that we're going to share and then for people that are listening once they get that skill what in your mind is the step one like what's the first thing that they should do so that they actually use it effectively and it generates like great ideas for them. >> Yeah. Well the good news is is we literally built out the stepbystep process inside of the skill. So the skill has onboarding inside of the skill has an onboarding skill inside of the skill which is kind of meta. So the first step is literally I'm going to show it to you. You're just going to drop it into your open claw and say do this start this journey for me. And in probably five minute maybe a little longer maybe 15 minutes you will have that moment where you have ideas that are mind-blowing in my opinion. >> And so um does that answer your question? Is there anything you want me to touch on before I kind of show it? Yeah, let's let let's pull it up. And then I guess Brian, I'm also kind of curious because you mentioned Open Claw and you know there's so much debate online, right? You have Open Claw, you have some people they're using Clawude Code or Claude Co-work um we were had a we did an episode a couple weeks ago uh Open AI's codeex which they've recently made improvements to. Can this skill is this skill specifically made just for open claw or I could in theory put it into clawude and use it there if that's where I prefer or like codeex on open AI. You can put it wherever you want. You put wherever you want. I'm showing open claw. My team uses Hermes and Claude Code and I showed some people last week this exact same skill in cloud code. I would say cloud code is probably the easiest. Um but we're using open claw for this specific example. Yeah. But you can drop it anywhere else. And the good news is because it's reasoning, right? These these platforms, these agents have reasoning. So they can go into this file and and see how to how to navigate the onboarding process itself. >> Okay. Amazing. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Well, I'm going to show you guys the output first. I think it's pretty cool and then we'll go back to the top. We'll work our way down. So I made we made a gardener creator. Just a a gardener. I named it after my grandma Carla. And basically, we generated seven ideas that are all really, really good. Um, there's a few hiccups here, like the format hiccup. It will get cleaned up by the time you guys see this. Uh, but it's going to give you a hook. It's going to talk about why it matches the voice, the principles, uh, that it actually gets pulled from, all of that stuff. And, uh, yeah, I'll just show you guys. Again, we're focusing on the ideas here, less about the hooks, less about some of the other stuff. But I'll show you the seven ideas I generated and then we'll start at the top and we'll go down through it. It's all good. >> Yeah. And so to be clear, Brian, because I'm sure that as people are listening, they're going to want to try it as well. So you're going to share the output and then are you also able to show the step one of like >> how do I get the skill and then initially set it up so it gets to the point where it's asking me the onboarding questions. >> Yep. 100%. I'll do all of it. Okay. So again, a gardener, it's my grandma. Pretend like that's the creator. Again, idea number seven was design the system, not the plant. There was a bunch of signal that uh you know, in the ideation process that systems are a lot more what true gardeners talk about, right? How to even build propagation systems on stuff. Seven climates in one garden. That is a viral video. I can tell you, I've seen enough videos. That is an on-screen text hook. That is a 5x outlier at minimum minimum a 5x outlier. Okay. Uh fixed watering schedules are killing your garden. This one was one of the ones where it's like a B+ for me. I don't love how um deterministic it is. I would love a little bit more curiosity in this like hey what fixed water schedules are actually doing to your garden just cuz like the answer being in the on-screen text is not perfect but that's still a really good concept because a lot of people a lot of gardeners have fixed watering schedules right and so this is very contradictory it's very unique it goes back to the concept of being unique and novel um number four the paperback the paper uh paperback potato experiment when nobody notices again this is like people love names and nouns to things. I think they're called, you know, proper nouns, which is just the experiment, the paperback potato experiment. Again, another very viral video. And it talks about, too, you know, what you should talk about. I'm being I'm flying through this a little bit, but it tells you what you should be talking about. It's not just the the on-screen text or the idea concept. >> Yeah. >> Number three is five design principles for commercial gardens. So, here you go. This is an a compressed TAM. Specifically, this is targeting horiculturists or, you know, head of um gardens at like hotels and stuff like that. Like that's like going to be maybe a 1,000 2,000 3,000 view video, but it's going to be all about how these people who are like head of grounds and facility can bring gardens into their hotel or their restaurant and make it very good. Like that's like nobody's name one person that has talking about design principles for commercial gardening online. >> Yeah. >> Nobody. >> Yeah. >> So good. >> You know what, Brian? because I think this would actually be super helpful for people. If you scroll the other way, can we go to the the seven climates in a garden that one? Because you mentioned you're like that's like a 5x like as someone that you've analyzed thousands probably of videos at this point like thousands of hours of videos. That's like a 5x outlier specifically in that niche when you're working with clients. And let's say that you get an output like this, right? So, it has the pillar, it has the hook, it has all of these things. And this was actually kind of mind-blowing for me. And funny enough, I had a reel that did really well a few days ago. And I've been using the system that you described around how you do like story boards and you don't actually script any of your content. I was using what you told me to create that video and it led to this like spike in the performance. Can you explain for people they get this output and they're like, "Okay, this is the idea that I'm going with. What does it look like going from that idea and the information that's on screen right now to actually recording and finishing a video that you can post?" >> That's a great great conversation. So, the way we work with clients is normally we pitch ideas to them on a call and they kind of workshop it with us to kind of oh my goodness, like the seven climates, I actually have an eighth one. Let's let's turn it into eight clouds, right? That's what it kind of looks like. And then sometimes some clients can just rip on literally what you're looking at right now. They got it. It's in their head. Boom. They go for it. Sometimes we take the call and we create a little bit more of a bulletointed structure for them. And occasionally we'll script out the whole entire video for them based off of the context that we have of them. So again, um, we usually manually script. We don't I think AI agents are almost they're almost good enough to scripting but sometimes the scripts can feel a little AI sloppy. Um but it's getting close. So some some people can literally rip from this. Some of them we need to flush that on a call and get a couple more bullet points. It truly depends on the talent. Truly depends on the talent. >> Yeah. And you know what cuz you you mentioned it truly depends on the talent. I remember one of the things that you shared with me is actually for most so there are some people that actually do really well reading off a script like they they go with the teleprompter they can do it really well it sounds really organic and authentic. I think for me personally and for like 90% of everyone else listening when you read off a script it sounds robotic and like you're reading off a script. And so you and and you let me know if I'm correct in this. you typically advise people to do like bullet points, right? Or like have a few points that they're going to say. Can you share a bit more of that when it comes to producing like high performing content for most people? >> Yeah, 100%. So, basically the concept here is if you do a script, your personality gets sucked out of the video. You're reading it, you're not saying what you'd normally do. Like I would rather have you stumble through your words and say um but have your personality come out than for you to say something ideally perfect but you're no you have no personality. That's because of the current climate and language of social media. People want more authentic raw yap style content. In 3 years we might want more polished stuff and we might go back to scripting you know but right now there's no punishment for like gathering your thoughts in the middle of a video. There's no punishment for saying um or repeating yourself because it just feels natural. It actually you could directly get more views because people are like Miley someone who's not doing an AI script like they just feel normal, you know. And so we'll bullet point it basically like talking points, you know, hey, we want you to cover this statistic. Maybe tell this story that we know about you from you told us a month ago and then maybe end with these three action steps. And then if we need to give them like a really strong curiosity loop in the middle, we will. that we keep it super open. >> Brian, one of the one of the things that I was thinking about, right, cuz even as you were going through the different ideas that this skill generated, I could see, and that's why I asked you about it, you kind of like latched, you had more energy for the uh seven climates in a garden. And so my concern, Brier, is that someone will be watching this video with this intention of like building an audience, building this impactful audience, and they'll use the skill, they'll download it and set it up in the right way as we're about to show people. And then they'll get like all of these ideas, and it's almost like um it's like an analysis paralysis, you know? You know, when you it's like the choice paradox. You have so many choices. is there's so many things that you could create. >> You either don't end up doing anything or you do a few of them but you don't really have your heart in any of them. And so I'm curious for you to take people behind the curtain for a second and just explain when you get excited about an idea, what is it like? What are the aspects, the traits, and even when you're advising clients of like this is how you should go about choosing which idea to create around? How do you think about that? Yeah, it it is passion. Like the litmus test, generate your 10 ideas. Which ones get you excited? Make those videos, right? Because your passion is going to ooze out of the camera, right? Um, my passion was not because I'm super excited to talk about seven climates in one garden. My passion was because I know what a viral video looks like. But if you were generating me 10 videos or ideas on content strategy, there would be like four to six of them that I would gravitate towards and then just follow your passion. The odds are you actually don't know what is good and what is bad. And so don't try to pretend to know. you will figure out over I've had close to 10,000 reels pass through my brain in the last three to four years. I that's like an unfair comparison is how do I have Briar's brain whenever it comes to just like looking at a reel and knowing it's going to do well. What you do need to do is follow passion and then time will show you the data of what actually works and then you can innovate on that, double down on that and go from there. The worst thing you can do though, and I'll tell you this, even if you're not passion about any of them, get over yourself and make a video. That's what I would say. >> Just create, >> which is the hard truth, just create. Even cuz you don't know what the audience wants. You just do not know what the audience wants. I could be dead wrong about this. I could be dead wrong about this. And so, why would I It's I'm going to use some extreme language here. It's almost selfish for me to hold back an opportunity for my audience to enjoy an idea that could have legs. You really should only be choosing which video to make whenever you are at max capacity. I would guess 98% of people watching this podcast right now are not at max capacity where they have to decide which of their 14 like they've already filled their 14 slots in the week. Which ones are going to get left on the floor? Most people probably are looking for slots to fill and they're making up excuses to not fill those slots. >> So, that's my uh that's my hard love. That's my hard love. I tell my clients that all the time. Hey, 50% of my job is therapy. Telling them to get over themselves in a loving way and just go make some great content for their fans. >> Yeah. You know, right? when when you even when you're speaking with clients, if someone wanted to grow a meaningful following, first 10,000, first 100,000 followers fast, like in a quick like within a period of time, like a short period of time, is there a typical like they're willing to put everything against it? Is there a a cadence or a number of posts that you recommend? Just like an estimate, like a rough estimate on like a weekly basis. Is it 14? Is there like an optimal amount? Yeah. So, it is a great question and I have a theory or a principle. I pulled it from Caleb Rston actually and I've just modified it a hair, but I want to give him all of the credit for this. It's called the accordion theory. Basically, there's this concept that like at the beginning you don't have the skill of content. So, you should only post one time a day minimum and you should dedicate your other time to learning the skill. Okay? That's a compressed or excuse me, yeah, a compressed accordion. You're putting your effort into one post a day. Then you're listening to this podcast. You're listening to the Caleb Rustin podcast. You're listening to the Cowboy podcast. You're listening to all of these other great content strategists that have been on the Cal Johnson show. And then you're like, "Okay, like I'm starting to get the skill. It took me 30 days. I'm starting to actually get 1,000, 2,000, 3,000 views." Okay. Then we can expand the accordion back out to two times a day, three times a day to truly level up and put the exact same. It could be two hours a day, but now I'm expanding. And in my two hours, I'm doing less research and less learning and more making content and putting it out into the world. Now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to get a ton of data, okay? Or maybe I run that for 30 to 60 days. I'm going to get a ton of data because I just posted 180 pieces of content. I'm going to have the top 15 to 20. Now, I'm going to compress my efforts back into the winners and make them even better. What does it look like to go get a nicer camera? What does it look like to go, you know, drive to a location where it's going to raise the stakes for this? What does it look like to go test 10 hooks for this one video? Right? Then by here we should have a little bit of money that we can start adding editors and keep this quality and expand it back out two to three times a day. So long way to say minimum one time a day and if you're in extreme growth mode two to three times a day on Instagram and on Tik Tok you can go crazy and you can post a lot more. >> Yeah. I I love the the accordion analogy because it's like you start because I think most of the time people are like just post everything, post all the time and like the the Gary Vee thing. I actually like the idea of like in the beginning you just do one and you [clears throat] try and do it as perfect as possible. And you know what it reminded me of when I was a child and I was like trying to improve my handwriting. We would have to like write out sentences and you'd have to do it like as slowly as possible and try and form each letter perfectly and you would do that for like a page of writing and then as soon as you started that becomes your baseline like what took you I don't know 30 minutes to write it out perfectly you can now do you just do that just scribbling and jotting down ideas then it's like okay cool do that a ton to like expand it out and And again, you're going smaller again, but you're adding in like editors and process and you're upleveling. And then as soon as you can do that comfortably, expand out again. >> Yeah, 100%. And I'll even add like at the beginning there needs to be a habit of consuming the skill, listening to podcast, reading the books because I see so many people they're just they're not developing the skill set of content, right? It's like they're, you know, they're building a bad habit in a way. And so instead of if you only have two hours in your day, you can only make content from 8 to 10 pm. Like freaking spend 15 minutes making the video and then go watch an hour and 45 minute podcast. That's way better use of your time for the first if you're a true beginner. >> Yeah. You know what I love it as well about that is it's the action of your creating and you're learning. And I I know this cuz I've done this. A lot of the times people because they don't they have this anxiety around putting themsel out there and posting, they overindex on, oh, let me just watch all of these podcasts and go down this like mental procrastination loop, but you haven't created. So, it's like you need both. You need to be creating and learning. That's like how you progress. Cuz in the first 30 days, you're going to be so bad, you're going to hate your content and yourself, and you're going to wonder why your gray aunt is the only person commenting, and you just got to rip the exposure therapy off. Like, it's just a band-aid. You just got to rip it off. Be terrible. Be embarrassing. Let that girl from college that you still have a crush on block you. You guys were never going to get back together anyways. Like, just get it over with. And do it while you suck so that you don't have the perfectionist mindset. You know, one of the things because I I want to go I want to go to um actually setting up the skill for people before we we get out of here so that people can start. But um I actually get really I'm prepared to get really extreme on the posting side of this whole thing. And so and it's funny cuz I spoke to Michael Smoke about this uh who does Higher Up Wellness. He has like a huge Instagram and Tik Tok all from just yapping videos like completely crushing it. and he has this thing called the higherup wellness challenge which is you post every day but I actually think the first like rule of the challenge is the most important which is go start a burner account like go start a new account it's like start a new account if you have to just so you can post in terms of um let's just quickly show people how they can how they could set up this skill >> it's going to be probably easier than you think. So, we're going to go up to the beginning of the chat, and it literally walks you down to it. So, I'm going to get you guys the title of the zip. It's going to be literally in the description right here. I don't know if it's going to be in a Google Drive, but it is a zip file. Right now, my team, it's called PDA Handoff. It might have a different name once we actually get it down there, but you drop that in there. And this is the prompt that we put in. You don't actually need this exact prompt. You literally toss it into your open claw and say, "And this is a skill. Help me do it." It is very simple, guys. This is a really good principle. If you are ever confused, you just ask your agent to help you. Like, people just won't do that. I get asked a ton of questions. I'm like, "Just ask your agent. Ask Clark. Hey, something's something's fixed. Just tell, hey, fix it for me. Tell me what to do. I'll I'll do it." Right? So, you're going to drop that in there. Basically, what it's going to do is it's going to onboard you. It's going to get your brand. It's going to ask you a bunch of questions about yourself. You see this right here? What is your name? What do you do in one sentence? Your business model. I put in my grandma here. Shout out Carla. Based in Moravia, Iowa. Go Mohawks. She's a gardener. Master leaf quality propagation system. She makes a hundred million a month. And she wants to exit her company for hundred billion dollars one day. So there's a little bit there. Says, okay, profile saved. >> Yep. >> Again, it's just getting information on you. And this is really important. So now it's going to take you through uh the journey. So it's going to say I need two API keys. So this is the uh ampify and then open AI. This is going to help us start the process of YouTube channels, subreddits, Instagram accounts, the exact scanning system. Okay. But it asked me for content pillars, who is my audience? And so you can see here, you see here we we typed in the themes, you know, what we talk about, what my grandma talks about, what she never talks about, what the audience it does. Just quickly, Bri, on the on the API keys, I've done this as well. You can actually to your point earlier, you can just ask Claude or Open AI or like whatever chat GBT or whatever how you can obtain these API keys that you then put into it. So, it's actually like the you can just ask it the question and it's helps you in that way. >> Bingo. Right. like like I already had mine, but you can literally just say, "I don't know how to get an API key for this. Literally give me the exact link." And then like if it's still confusing, cuz sometimes we'll use an older version or older UI. Just screenshot what you're seeing and be like, "Hey, I'm still confused. This is what I'm seeing." Drop it over and it'll tell you, "Okay, yeah, click this button. Click this button." Do not underestimate if you're confused. Just screenshotting and then giving it to your open claw, your claw code, your Hermes, whatever it is. >> Yeah. So good. And then what? So boom, we're giving you more. Go ahead. >> One other thing, Brier, actually on on these as well, cuz it will ask you these questions in terms of like answering these questions, how detailed do you usually recommend or like even when you're doing it, how detailed do you go? Are you kind of just giving like highlevel points or are you going into the full detail? And like >> we go crazy. We will like we had we had a client that had dude a thousand a thousand YouTube videos. We had our agent go scrape almost all 1,000 YouTube videos. It costed us like $1,000 to go get context. We will cram as much context text into this bad boy as possible. If you got any brand documents, if you've done any talking to chat GBT, anything you got, freaking toss it in here. This is the bare minimum. It can handle anything you can give it. And the more the marrier. >> Okay. No, that's good to know. >> Yep. Great question. That's a good question. Good caveat. Okay. So boom, we're just moving down. It's just setting up the scrapers. Uh, you know, we technically didn't have competitors in mind because I don't know any gardeners. So for this example, I told it to go get us competitors. But in a real world, you would want to go give it 10 to 20 competitors that you truly know and link their actual Instagram in there and just this massive document of the 10 to 20 people that you want to be inspired from. Okay. Boom. So it looks up competitors. It goes and finds my people. You can see it did it for me. But again, I would heavily encourage you to put in your manual competitors. It will literally scan YouTube and Reddit for you. And boom, you can already see good. Now I have enough unique sources. Let me start rebuilding. Um, again, you can see it literally working through itself right now. And then it's all ready. On the competitors piece, Brier, so you said people should manually input. So that's what like the the three to five maybe on whatever platform I want people's accounts like how do you advise people to think about it like what accounts they would want to be like or who they consider their you know they're doing content that they like. How do you usually advise people even identify who's their closest competitors? >> Yeah. So a competitor is a is a decent word. I think inspiration is probably a better word. And so what you can do is you can give it the context. I want to go pull from from Callum Johnson, but I only, you know, I'm not a podcaster. I'm in the gardening niche. I just think he asks really good questions. Like you can literally give it the context of why you like this person for inspiration and it can do a decent job of reasoning through it. Right? Competitors do not have to be in niche. Okay? This happened to pull from in niche. Does not have to be from in niche. And if you give it the reason why and then also give it the reason why what you don't like about the person, right? So like, hey, I want to do Herozi. I love his business content. I don't love his relationship content. Done. Note it. It'll dial it into its context. So again, I'm giving you the bare bones, but the more context you can give it, the better. The more context you can give, the better. So you know, we'll add 10 clients from in niche, specifically inside a niche for for one of our clients, excuse me, 10 competitors in niche for one of our clients. And then we'll add 10 that are not in the niche that we want to just say, "Hey, we really love how this person does high tam videos or how they do green screens or whatever it is." And then we just kind of create this kaleidoscope of context. >> Yeah. >> Um >> that point of like more so than being competitors, it's inspiration I think is like really valuable. It makes it clear. >> Yeah. We can maybe change the word in this before I hand it over to you too. Um, so basically what it's doing here is it's just going through and just logging these inspirations into its knowledge base. So whenever you send it on its mission, it's going to go through these subreddits, it's going to go through these YouTube keywords, and it's going to go through um these Instagram competitors through the APIs that you were able to give it, right? So it goes through, it's basically saying like, hey, you know, I'm capped at three videos. It ends up working its way through it. It outputs seven ideas. you can kind of clean it up where it can do more based off of what you tell it. Um, and then uh it's done. It gives us the seven ideas with all of the intellectual property. So, I know this is like crazy oversimplistic. Basically, the whole first 90% of this this podcast was just the intellectual property that goes into this skill. And now the process is literally you toss it into your open claw, your Hermes, your cloud code, your codecs, and you just answer its questions and you give it as much context as possible. It's already loaded up with my context and then you can start ripping ideas endlessly every single day. You just say, "Hey, trigger the ideation skill that you have. Trigger the ideation skill that you have. Trade ideation skill you have." And I think another important note is I gave you the architecture of how to build a content skill. So now you can go back in and you can create your own content skill now. Right? If you want to script, I didn't give you a script writing skill. You can go build your own script writing skill now. I didn't give you a hook skill. You can go build your own hook skill now with the architecture that I just told you. >> Yeah. >> So, even freaking download this podcast and toss it into your cloud code and say, "Hey, here's more context." >> So, >> yeah, it's like to your point, this is like the the starting point that we've given you. And I guess even with those ideas, you could put that back into uh codeex or claw code or open claw and actually ask it to like elaborate and even kind of structure it in the way that you had uh with like the seven climates in a garden. Uh you could like copy that >> structure is this is all inside of the skill as well. So yours will >> perfect >> edit output just like this. But let's just say like we want to take uh idea you know number six. What we could say is, "Hey, I'm about to record idea number six. Can you give me two to five more talking points? Keep them simple. I just need more ammo to riff on. Let's just see what it does." But this is how you can engage with it. It has the intellectual property now. It has the the context. And now you can now you can let the LLM and the agent do some work. >> Yeah. Okay, now you can let it do the work because it like that's dude that is such a good the wall test. Like talk about a visual hook. >> Yeah. >> If I walked up and I put my hand on a south facing brick wall at 2 p.m. you know like this is some really valuable stuff. >> Yeah. >> Really valuable stuff. >> I think about it clicks even when you just showed it there. clicks, which is you said it earlier in the conversation that when you dialed this in and you got it right, it took the process from 15 hours it would take like a creative director to come up with like the list of ideas and like that idea generation that process and then it became 15 minutes and it makes sense now when you see it play out in live time. It's like it's like magic in a way. I I will say too the thing that you are not seeing is how much time is being reduced on the research side. We used to have an exercise where you would literally spend 30 minutes or so on Reddit, 30 minutes or so on YouTube and 30 minutes or so analyzing competitors. That was executed in a matter of minutes, seconds, right? So, the research is another thing that you're not even seeing inside of the skill. That is that's what's going to give your ideas the quote unquote guarantee or the higher guarantee that they're going to go viral. It's the research, right? Like, sure, anybody can come up with 10 ideas off the top of their dome, but can you get them where they were supported by data on the front end? This skill gives you that. This skill gives you the data to where these ideas are already somewhat proven just contextualized over to you. >> Yeah. >> So that's what you're not even seeing is the hours of research and contextualization and go over. But yeah, I to your point like I mean if my grandma was a gardener creator, I think she could rip a pretty dang good piece of content on that. >> You know what? before we get out of here because I think it'd be such a shame if someone they listen and they watch this conversation and then you know it doesn't go anywhere like you you that action piece after it is so important and like the quicker that you can do it uh it's more effective and so I think about the person that's listening at home and they have like a couple hours free after listening to this maybe it's like a Saturday morning or it's like a a Sunday evening before the next week at work um if they have a few hours, what is what would you recommend? What would you challenge someone to go and do with that time so that they can get started on that journey of getting to their first 10,000 followers, their first 100,000 followers? Like what is the almost like the weekend homework that you would give someone? >> Yeah, it's super simple. I would go through this skill. It'll take you 30 minutes max. Okay. Get 10 ideas. Get 10 ideas. I am not asking you to believe in them. I'm not even asking you to determine if they're good or not. Just trust the skill. Then I'm going to tell you to go to your car, okay? And I just want you to spend set a 30 minute timer and try to just record as just literally yap your way through it. Yap your way through it. Do not worry about hooks. Do not worry about pauses. Do not worry about anything except for trying to get comfortable in front of the camera. You now have a proven idea. You have some talking points. Go into your car, put your phone up, and give yourself a 30 minute timer and try to get three three videos. Try to get three videos recorded. You're going to stumble through it. I would I would encourage you to try to do it in your first recording. Try to just let it rip. Don't let yourself restart it over and over and re-record and re-record. This content is as in a weird way it is therapy. It is a spiritual experience of becoming okay with who you are as a human being and showing up imperfect on camera. I'm the data guy. I just did a bunch of AI stuff, but like I'm not so like I understand like the woo woo part of it. It is a very um identity level thing of who you are as a person. And I just want to my my my homework for you is to start going to war with that identity. Define with showing up imperfect on camera and like you have a top 0001% head start on other people who have not started filming content. Give me three videos. Set the 30-minute timer. You got three out of the 10 ideas. Find the three that you're most passionate with. Record those three. It's okay if you mumble. Do not think about the hook. Literally just start talking. Don't introduce yourself. Just start talking. If you want a hook, freaking just read the the topic of the idea. Literally, like this is a good enough hook for me. You need to design the system, not the plan. There you go. Keep going. Right. There's hooks in here as well, but I just don't want you to overthink it. Literally, just get into it. >> Yeah, that is so good. Content is a spiritual experience. No, I agree. I agree. Brian, you've been great, man. That's a wrap. >> A pleasure, man. I've been a fan of pots. This is one of those full circle moments for me. I appreciate that, Tom. You killed it. So, if you enjoyed this conversation and you want to hear even more stories like this, then just click here. And also, my team is going to put some more videos that you can watch here. Thank you.
