Here's how you can make content that actually gets you customers.
 Number one, stop making it for the views.
 You think millions of views means millions of customers
 are just magically going to appear?
 Wrong.
 You're not making this for the algorithm,
 you're making it for your customers.
 And so if you're making it for your customers,
 every single idea needs to start with their painful problem,
 your unique solution, that gives you the idea.
 This is what you are going to make your content around.
 Number two here is your content isn't standing out
 because you're not saying anything new or original.
 Fight me if you disagree,
 but blending in with your personal brand
 is arguably the worst problem that you could have.
 So what I want you to do is write out 10 things
 that people in your niche, in your space are saying
 that you disagree with, and then write out what you believe.
 Once you do this, I want you to hammer these
 over and over in your content.
 Now for number three here,
 we need to be building a world
 that our audience can live in through our content.
 And this happens by having named concepts
 or shared language, characters, settings,
 weaknesses, vulnerabilities, your legends and lore,
 but most importantly, your common enemy,
 something that you and your audience
 can rally around together.
 Fantastical number four here is that you are not converting
 because you keep breaking trust.
 I saw a creator the other week made a short
 where in the intro, he promised five lessons
 he was going to share with his audience.
 Then he went completely off script,
 did not provide those five lessons,
 and ended the video asking his audience to comment
 to receive the five lessons in full.
 He made a promise and then completely
 did not pay off that promise.
 What you want to do here is you want to make a promise.
 Making promises is important.
 Then you need to progress through that promise.
 Then you need to pay it off.
 I want you to write this down.
 Now for number five here,
 we need to stop writing hooks that sound like ads.
 I'm talking about the,
 are you a busy founder trying to scale your business?
 That is a 2003 silly little infomercial.
 Don't do that.
 What you want to do,
 you don't want to call out the person.
 I don't even want you to call out the pain.
 I want you to call out the consequence of the pain.
 I am not interested in hearing like,
 are you tired of being bald?
 But if you say,
 are you tired of wearing a hat all the time?
 That definitely piques my interest.
 Number six is a harsh truth to hear.
 You don't determine quality.
 Your audience determines quality.
 You could sit around in a boardroom and debate it all day,
 or you could fuck around and find out for yourself.
 You need to post content
 and then see what is working and what's not working,
 and then put all of your effort and resources imaginable
 towards what is working.
 Now this is an incredible start,
 but in order to really make content
 that gets you customers,
 you need the full system.
 If you want that system,
 comment the word trust,
 and we'll send it to you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for listening.
 Thank you.

all right today we're going to talk about building a personal brand now usually these come at the
 latter stages of building your own brand if you're a founder a creative director or whatever that may
 be i believe doing that thing first before creating your personal brand is fantastic because then you
 have backup and evidence of what you are talking about who you are partnering with all makes sense
 because there is something foundational that you have already built regardless of that personal
 brand is about creation of lifestyle i look at it and the principles of who do i want to be in 10 15
 20 years i don't look at it at every deal that comes in my inbox every collaboration opportunity
 presents itself you take it and you run with it what are you very much interested in what have you
 grown up on what things excite you and put them brands people places events into them buckets and
 if it doesn't collide in them buckets then don't do it i feel like there's so many people doing so
 much stuff everywhere they go different event different car manufacturer different brand
 storytelling piece different content that it becomes overwhelming and it's no longer curated to
 a part where you kind of turn off to the content something i've always been extremely dedicated and
 delicate with is making sure that who we are associated with as me and my brother and our brand
 is true to ourselves and it means it's very like very very curated but also it just makes sense for
 us now if we were to go and partner with random things here and there that isn't part of us then
 it wouldn't make sense it wouldn't feel right and the customer would know that and also it'd probably
 become overwhelming and two directionally in different ways where i was like you know what
 we're doing you know how we're going to do it and yeah our taste might change over time and we might
 delve into different projects and different means of creativity but we have conviction with ourselves
 and who we want to be and and what we want our lifestyle to look like so i guess just try and like
 stay true to who you are and really that's it that's all it is to it stay true to yourself in a world
 where it's overwhelmingly full of people doing everything going everywhere and partnering
 with everyone do it well do it tastefully and stay true to who you are
