How do I get to the point where I can run continuously without walk breaks?

I’ve been running for about 5 months and completed my first half marathon in April with a finishing time of 2:24 (10:58/mile average pace).  
For the race, I used a 9-minute run / 1-minute walk strategy. During the run portions I was around a 10:30 pace, and the strategy worked well enough to get me through the race.  
The issue is that I don’t feel like I can actually run continuously for very long. Honestly, I’m not sure I could run 3 miles straight without stopping. My legs tend to fatigue first, and once that happens my heart rate starts climbing quickly and everything feels much harder.  
I’m trying to figure out what’s holding me back most:  
Is this just a normal part of being a newer runner?  
Does leg fatigue usually improve simply by running more?  
Should I focus on slowing down and building aerobic fitness?  
Would strength training help more than adding mileage?  
How did you go from run/walk intervals to running continuously for 30+ minutes or several miles?  
For those who started out using run/walk methods, what helped you make the transition to continuous running?  
Age: 21/male  
Weight/Height: 190, 5’9  
Current weekly mileage: 15 mi.

10% rule - pls explain for beginners

I understand, in general, the concept of the 10% rule. Particularly when it comes to long run Sundays etc. But what I’m confused as someone that ran cross country years ago and is now trying to get back into regular running injury free, is how you’re supposed to go about progressing just 10%/week when you’re starting at 0 miles. Is there some sort of safe base line I can hit and then start the ten percent rule? I don’t want to get injured ofc, but being stuck running 1 mile and then 1.1 etc etc feels extreme (and extremely boring).

Massive Race Fail - how to get over it?

Ran the worst race of my life last weekend. I started running a few years ago and have been slowly working up to longer distances. I'm not fast, I just do it to challenge myself and see what I can accomplish. Last year I ran my first half-marathon, and this year I thought I'd aim for a full.

I learned as much as I could and my training plan was mostly going well. I made it to 28k in my long runs in April. (Marathon is in July.) Then I unfortunately stuffed up a bit by doing a 10k practice race too fast and flared up some knee pain. On the advice of a physio, I took a couple weeks off from running and did some swimming/light strength training instead.

Fast forward to last weekend. I had signed up for a half marathon (4 weeks ahead of the full marathon) which I intended to use a test run to practice pacing and fuelling. I thought it was going to be pretty breezy, considering I've done well more than 21k in my training runs over the past months. Oh how wrong I was. A few km in I started to feel pain in my thighs/hips, and by 7km I had burning pain shooting up both legs, which I recognised as IT band pain. (I used to get it a couple years ago but it hasn't bothered me recently.) I tried to stop and stretch, and keep going, but it was excruciating. I phoned my sister mid-race who told me it was okay to quit but I couldn't do it and just hobble-walked 14km to the finish. Added a good 40 minutes to my half marathon time from last year, despite being way better trained.

Anyway it was a miserable experience and felt absolutely humiliating. I'm trying to remind myself that a few years ago I couldn't do a 5k, and I've come a long way, but I just feel so discouraged. I don't know if I should still attempt the full marathon (3.5 weeks away). I don't want all my training time to go to waste but maybe I've just blown it with the injuries. I have no idea if the half-marathon catastrophe was just a really bad day, or if I should take it as a warning to drop the marathon.

Just thought I'd see if anyone had any words of wisdom or advice, or maybe what you learned from your worst races? I need to get out of this self-pity mindset. (Which normally I'd do by going for a run, but it's not an option!)

What running purchase ended up being 100% worth the money for you?

Over the years I’ve bought a lot of running gear that looked great on paper but ended up being disappointing.  
On the other hand, there have been a few purchases that genuinely improved my running experience and I would buy again without hesitation.  
For me, one of the biggest upgrades was a GPS watch. Not because of the data itself, but because it helped me stay consistent and follow structured training.  
What’s the one running-related purchase that was absolutely worth it for you, and why?  
Shoes, watches, hydration gear, headphones, recovery tools, clothing… anything counts.

What are your best tips for racing a 10k?

I’ve done 5ks, marathons, and even an ultra. But I’ve never raced a 10k. I’ve got my first 10k race next weekend. What are your best tips for racing this distance?

[DISC] When do you know when you're truly ready to try for Boston or Sub-3hr Marathon?

I'm at week 5 of my marathon block using Hanson's 18 week Advanced training plan and just recently completed my first official 5K race. Clocked my fastest 5K at 18:45. With the 5K result which exceeded my expectation, I feel like qualifying for Boston or trying for sub-3hr is no longer a dream and it's within reach if i give it another year of consistent training.  

I want to ask other people here in the group, when did you decided to take that next step? Was there an event that triggered it or it just came naturally i.e. progressively improved until sub-3hr marathon?

Edit: to give a bit of context, I consider myself a new marathoner. Only ran 2. Current PB 3:43 (from the first one). I average 50-60K weekly mileage. HM PB 1:32 from last year.

Participating in my first trail relay this weekend, looking for tips

I'm mostly an asphalt runner, ran my first marathon May 3rd this year. Decided to slow it down a bit for the summer, currently doing only about 25 km per week. Out of the blue an acquaintance messaged me, they're running a 380 km 2 day relay and a lot of them dropped out so they're looking for help. I said yes in a weak moment (well tbh I've always wanted to switch to longer runs/trails at some point, but this is maybe a bit quick...)

Now I have 4 sections of the 36-section ultra to run this weekend, total 40+ km, some at night, a large portion on trails. My marathon didn't quite go to plan but I was aiming for 4:45/km pace. My 10k race pace is 4:00/km. Here they're looking for 6-6:30/km on average so hopefully I shouldn't be under too much pressure speed wise but I have no experience with things like these.

I've talked to them and they said it'll be fine, gave me some equipment advice and organizational stuff but they are experienced and I'm not so just thought I'd check in here in case I'm missing something important - I'm not sure what to ask and they don't know me very well so they don't know what I don't know. I'm completely new to trail/night, what do I need to know?

The mental gymnastics of convincing yourself to run vs actually running

Spent 45 minutes this morning negotiating with myself about whether to run. Finally got out the door. Finished the run in 35 minutes.

The run itself is never the hard part. It's the 47 layers of mental excuses beforehand. "It's too cold." "My legs feel weird." "I'll go tomorrow." "What if I need to pee mid-run."

Then you finish and immediately think "that wasn't bad at all, I should do this more often."

Every. Single. Time.

What's everyone's go-to excuse that you know is BS but still try to use anyway?

Anyone else run with zero goals? No race, no plan, just... run?

I run 2-3x a week, nothing structured, not training for anything. Curious, have you ever actually entered a proper race? 5K, 10K, anything? Did it change how you run or did you go straight back to just running for yourself?

Zone 2 not intense enough for optimal exercise benefits, new review says

So I think we've all heard the idea that zone 2 (described as an easy intensity where you're able to hold a conversation) is the optimal intensity for most of your runs and the best way to build your aerobic base. Beginners should focus on this zone and they will get faster even by running slow. When you're more intermediate, you can start adding intensity. This was what I always heard when I started running more regularly this year. And I believed it to be true, so most of my runs have been at this zone 2 type intensity.

Well, turns out that this idea is not supported by evidence. A new review of the literature suggests that focusing on zone 2 might not be intense enough to get all the benefits from exercise that you can get from higher intensities.

The review **looked specifically at mitochondrial capacity and fatty acid oxidative (FAO) capacity** and makes the following conclusion:

* "Evidence from acute studies demonstrates small and inconsistent activation of mitochondrial biogenic signaling following Zone 2 exercise. Further, the majority of the available evidence **argues against the ability of Zone 2 training to increase mitochondrial capacity** \[my emphasis\], a fact that refutes the current popular media narrative that Zone 2 training is optimal for mitochondrial adaptations."
* "Zone 2 does appear to improve FAO capacity in untrained populations; however, pooled analyses suggest that **higher exercise intensities may be favorable in untrained and potentially required in trained** \[my emphasis\] individuals."

What does this mean? My takeaway is this: There is no reason to focus on zone 2. In order to get better at running in the most efficient way, you need to run the largest amount of time in the highest intensity you can without getting injured.

I'm curious to hear your reactions to this paper. Does this change anything in how you approach your training?

New study shows accumulated distance (10% rule) less important than single run impact

I just heard an interview with the people behind this study, the Garmin Runsafe study (link below), and they say that we should worry much more about the impact of the single run than the accumulated runs over time (the 10 percent rule etc) when it comes to injury.

"The study suggests that overuse injuries don’t develop over time, as previously believed, explains Rasmus Østergaard Nielsen, associate professor and senior researcher at the Department of Public Health at Aarhus University and one of the researchers behind the study.

“Our research shows that overuse injuries occur much more frequently during a single training session when the runner runs too far compared to what they are used to,” he says.

So even though some running programs suggest increasing your distance by 10 or 20 percent on your next run, according to the new study, that's far too much, says Rasmus Østergaard Nielsen.

“If we want to stay somewhat safe when increasing our distance, a five percent progression is more sensible. If you're used to running five kilometers, that means you can add just 250 meters on your next run,” he says.

This means that if, for example, you want to train to run 10 kilometers, you’ll need to set aside a longer period than some running programs recommend.

Additionally, there are many other factors that can influence your risk of injury. According to Rasmus Østergaard Nielsen, the study’s findings likely apply to other changes in your running routine as well.

“That could be running much faster than you’re used to, running in a new pair of shoes where the load is different, or suddenly running a lot on sand when you're used to running on asphalt.”

There has previously, including in the research community, been a narrative that overuse injuries develop gradually over time, but that cannot be documented, according to Rasmus Østergaard Nielsen.

“We’ve been pulling our hair out for 20 years trying to figure out why we weren’t finding anything. We looked into the individual training sessions, and that’s why we believe our research project has such great potential—it changes the narrative of how injuries occur.”

“We should view injuries more as something that happens during a single training session, rather than something that develops gradually over time.”

The study is the largest study of running injuries ever conducted and is based on data from more than 5,200 participants.


My thought is that some of the metrics in our running watches needs to be looked at. 

The study is here: https://www.ucviden.dk/da/publications/a-paradigm-shift-in-understanding-overuse-running-related-injurie

The quoted article is here:
https://www.dr.dk/nyheder/indland/nyt-studie-af-loebeskader-omskriver-historien-din-skade-kan-komme-efter-kun-en

At what point does running become self destructive behavior?

My back ground and perspective. I am 4 years sober recovered alcoholic and run 30-40 miles a week. 

My girlfriend is an ultramarathoner, runs 80-100 miles a week. Her body is absolutely trashed and she will not stop to rest at all. 

My question, at what point does running just become an addictive self destructive behavior? 

The parallels from my world of alcohol/drug abuse to destroying the body through running is actually very concerning to me. 

I'd love to hear all thoughts on this. 

Thank you!

Stopped chasing PBs after my last marathon and discovered what running was actually doing for me

After my last marathon I took four weeks off. Aggressive training block, body needed the rest.

About two weeks in I started getting this feeling I was missing something. What dawned on me was that running meant more to me than the time. It was where I sorted out a whole bunch of problems I didn’t even know I was carrying. Having a singular focus on a PB gave me something to aim at — but I was pushing real decisions about work and relationships to one side. Running was how I stayed on top of all of it.

There’s research that explains why. The prefrontal cortex — the part of the brain responsible for overthinking — quiets significantly during sustained aerobic exercise. The inner critic goes offline. Things surface that couldn’t get through the noise before.

I stopped logging pace and started logging what I was carrying before each run and what shifted after. That record means more to me now than years of Strava data.  
Interested whether others have gone through a similar shift — particularly anyone who’s stepped back from performance running and found something different underneath it.

Slower runners, how do you stay motivated when/if people mock your pace?

I’ve done a HM in 2024 and I basically went from 0 to HM in 6-7 months, I loved my race even though I was slow. I’m now training for a full marathon in April and my pace hasn’t improved that much but last year I focused mainly on gym and building muscle rather than cardio.

Sometimes I’m very proud of everything I do and my long runs and pushing through. And then I see people call my running pace walking pace or that I shouldn’t be doing it or that it’s not running or that anyone could do it this slow. There’s definitely more representation of ‘slower runners’ on social media nowadays but the comments are brutal.

If you’re a slower runner, how do you not let it get to you? Sometimes I dread running in public cause I’m worried of being judged. Or I just go faster and then regret it 5k in.

Edit because I didn’t expect so many people to read this - Yes, I’ve been told this by friends and also just reading comments on social media. A couple of my friends said I’m not running, I’m jogging or they could just walk at that pace. Other friends don’t care and telling them I run a 4 minute mile or a 14 minute mile means the same to them (which is nothing they’re just happy and supportive). My own mother also said taking walking breaks during a race isn’t running a race. And then I open social media and it’s worse. I also want to reiterate, I’m not running for other people, I’m very proud of my progress and me 2 years ago couldn’t even run a mile, I’m running to show myself I can do hard things and I love it. But sometimes other people’s comments get to me.

How do you continue running long runs without letting your mind win?

I started training for a half marathon since the beginning of summer after not running since right before COVID. 
One thing I’ve noticed is that while doing my long runs, I tend to either walk or stop the run completely despite not feeling physically tired. I feel like my mind controls my run far more than me. 
Do you guys have any tips on completing long runs without stopping? I’ve tried listening to podcasts but I still feel like I can’t block out my mind wandering and telling me to stop.

What’s something about marathon training you didn’t fully understand until after your first race?

Looking back after my first marathon, there were a few aspects of training and race day that I didn’t truly understand until I experienced the full distance.

Curious what others realized only in hindsight — whether physical, mental, or logistical.

How much time it took to train. I felt like I had a part time job of just running. It was wild to me how my schedule cleared up after the race and I didn’t have to be out running for hours every other day.
What’s one piece of advice you wish you’d known as a new runner?

For those of you who’ve been running a while, what’s the one thing you wish someone had told you when you first started?

Could be training, mindset, gear, pacing, anything really.  
Figured it might be helpful for newer runners reading as well.

Start strength training early on, don't compare yourself to anyone and take your time. There aren't any shortcuts.

How Do You Fall in Love with Running Again?

Hey everyone,  
After running consistently for the past few years, I hit a wall earlier this year. I was mentally and physically drained, and what used to bring me joy started feeling like a chore. I decided to take a break, thinking it’d be just a couple of weeksbut that turned into months. Now I’m finally ready to lace up again, but I feel a bit lost. My pace is slower, endurance is down, and honestly, I’m a little nervous to jump back in. I don’t want to fall into the same trap again.

For those of you who’ve experienced burnout I wanna know how did you reset your mindset? Any routines or fun running goals that helped you reignite the spark? Would you recommend starting with group runs, trail runs, or just solo easy miles? Thanks in advance!

What’s with all the new hype around zone 2 running?

Has anyone else seen a surge of runners talking about zone 2 training recently?  Just in the past year I’ve heard about it 3 different instances from friends who are very casual runners. I’ve also seen it pop up in my YouTube suggestions.

I’m wondering if there was some new research or maybe an influencer that caused this type of training to boom.

Most of my training comes from the book Faster Road Racing where a zone 2 run would be a recovery run. The book makes it seem like it’s just a way to gain extra mileage in between hard workouts so I can’t understand why it would be popular for runners who aren’t doing structured workouts to begin with.

I'm extremely overweight and try to go on runs but I get easily embarrassed and discouraged by the number of people staring at me. How do I overcome this?

I used to run before my pregnancy and have been off running for 2 years now. I make up my mind and go to the park most mornings but end up just walking and coming back home, looking at the number of Fit people staring at me. I feel really fat and uncomfortable in my track pants as it is.

When out for a run and thinking about taking a walk break, if another runner is running toward me, i always keep running, cannot show weakness. 
Same here, but I also suck in my stomach, slow and quiet my breathing, fix my posture, and change my expression from tortoruous to omg this is fun.

This, plus I have to keep running for a bit after we pass each other...just in case they look over their shoulder for some reason.  :-D

Reminder: the majority of people who see you run, especially if you are overweight, feel encouraged and happy for you and not negatively.

When I first started running, I felt like an imposter. I felt like people would judge me. But then I thought about how every time I see someone running I feel genuine happiness that they are making themselves mentally and physically healthier. Reminder: the majority of people who see you run, don't give a fuck about you running and are probably minding their own business.


I am fat and in my 30s. Went for my first ever run today. How long before I can do this without feeling like I am going to die?

My route was about 1.2km, I probably ran about half of it due to needing to stop and walk for a bit every so often. By the time I got home I was coughing and spluttering so badly that I almost threw up. My chest still hurts a bit now. Is that normal or did I bite off too much to begin with? I probably haven't run like that since PE lessons in school. Any other advice for a complete newbie who's trying to get fit? (I already think this is way better than the exercise bike I bought which is so damn tedious to use).    

Edit: Wow guys thanks for all the support! I probably won't reply to every comment but I have read them all so far and I will definitely look into those apps you mentioned. Also for those who said that I should walk before I run (heh) don't worry, I have been walking fairly regularly for the past year and that helped me lose a bit of weight, but I kind of hit a wall with that and didn't lose any for ages, which is what prompted me to move on to this.

Despite mocking and negativity from my family I just ran my first ever 5k

Last year I started going to the gym here and there but didn’t really commit, and a few months ago I struggled to run for even a few minutes. About a month ago I really started sticking to running at least 2 or 3 times a week with some cross training, and with some real progress I’ve finally reached my goal of 5k, without stopping, and made it in 28 minutes!

I’m young and at a healthy BMI, but very unfit, and my family have always smirked at the idea of me running when I said I’d started making a habit of it. Proving them wrong feels pretty good but hitting my target feels fucking great.

edit - wow, thank you guys so much for all the responses! You are all brilliant.

edit 2 - I am honestly blown away by the replies here, so much positivity and such a boost. Hopefully motivation for other people in a similar position as well!

For anyone who needs to hear this, go on that f***ing run today!!!

This morning it was colder than usual, was slightly depressed and had a 12 hour work day ahead of me. I wasn't the keenest on getting out there which is uncharacteristic of me but I knew I had to. You know why? Starting off your day with a run to the best of your ability will allow you to carry that momentum throughout the remainder of your day. I even pushed a little harder and ran a near PB, and the rest of the day felt much easier. You don't want to spend the remainder of your day knowing that you gave up before you even put your shoes on - the quitting mentality will snowball throughout the rest of your day! Start off your day right, give it your best and you'll carry that winning mentality throughout the rest of your day!

Go on that f\*\*\*ing run, you can do it.


I’ve run every day for a year: here’s what I learned.

I stumbled (sometimes literally) into the goal of running every day for a year out of necessity to get out of my apartment and stay occupied and healthy during COVID. It turned into so much more than I could imagine. 

2011 miles, four states, three pairs of shoes and one half marathon later, I want to share some of the things I’ve learned through this endeavor. 

Please share yours in the comments!

1. A year is a long time. 365 days is a lot of days.

2. Discipline is more effective than motivation. 

3. I have never regretted a run. 

4. Runners high is real. 

5. Sunscreen and Vaseline are important in the summer. Gloves are clutch in the winter. 

6. Goals and boundaries are important: no relationships or work have been irreparably harmed in the pursuit of this goal. 

7. Running in the rain isn’t so bad. Running in the cold rain is pretty bad. Running in the wind sucks. 

8. Very few people want to talk about running. In fact, even less than you’d expect. 

9. Many terrible seeming problems and conflict can be minimized with space and distance. 

10. Movement is integral to my mental health and happiness.

Running doesn't suck; Being out of shape sucks.

I think this was one of the main thoughts that turned me from a couch potato to a complete running addict, and I share it so that someone else may benefit. For me it proved to be subtle but powerful.

At my first football tryouts (in 6th grade), the coaches had us jog, maybe a half mile. After a lazy summer, it felt horrible. I thought what most people think when this happens: "I want to avoid this situation as much as possible for the rest of my life." There are two basic approaches to that. You can avoid physical activity as much as possible or you can embrace it so you are ready next time. I chose to embrace it. After every practice, I ran a lap around the field. When the season ended, I said that now's the time to stay in shape and continued working out. By 8th grade, I was so addicted to running that I did both XC and football practices back to back. The idea is that once one gets in shape, it's way easier to maintain than to fall off and get back on the wagon.

Has anyone else been through something similar?

Disclaimer: HIIT is tough no matter how in shape I get. I live in the Maffetone zone unless my day is really boring-then I crave the adversity and accomplishment feeling from HIIT.

Edit: Disclaimer #2 as a response to comments: There are people out there who are in shape and still don't like running. There's absolutely nothing wrong with that! I understand how this post might come off as discouraging, and that is the exact opposite of my intention. The main idea is that a lot more people would enjoy running if they gave it a proper chance by 1 getting through that first absolutely miserable phase of getting into shape 2 understanding good form and 3 pacing themselves. I think a more accurate statement would be "Getting in shape is very hard, but staying in shape is very fun so long as you find an activity that you enjoy. Once in shape, you may find yourself loving activities that you used to hate. Also, don't go hard unless you feel like it or you feel like doing something that you don't feel like doing. You'll like any activity more that way".

I am grateful for the learning experience the negative comments have created even though I don't have time to respond to all of them. It's important that I know if I am sending the opposite message from what I intend.

Marathons Are Selling Out Quicker and More Frequently - An Update with 2026 Data

Surely you've seen some of the big headlines - like Philly selling out early and then re-opening registration with additional bibs. But this isn't just an anecdotal phenomenon.

Last summer, I collected the sellout dates for a bunch of large marathons in 2025, and the trend was pretty clear - more races were selling out and races were selling out earlier than previously.

Now that the spring season is wrapping up, I compiled some new data.

Of the 50 largest marathons in the United States in 2025, 23 of them have taken place (or will take place) from January to June of 2026. Only four of them weren't sold out.

Of the 19 that did sell out, six of them didn't sell out last year and another six of them sold out significantly earlier than last year.

Looking ahead, some big fall and winter races have already sold out early - Philly, CIM, Wineglass. Richmond is on pace to sell out soon (80% full). Even the San Francisco Marathon, which just barely sold out for the first time last year, filled up in late April (three months ahead of race day).

More details here: [https://runningwithrock.com/spring-2026-sell-out-marathons/](https://runningwithrock.com/spring-2026-sell-out-marathons/)

But let this be your gentle reminder ... if you plan to run a marathon this fall **do not wait to register**. You may think you have time, but you probably don't.

Anybody miss out on a fall race already because they didn't register in time?

End of copying jakob

Time flies - the days are long, but the months and years are short, as they say (I think someone says that…). Spent the last several months “copying” Jakob.

As always: [https://youtu.be/pEJXIpCxDPU](https://youtu.be/pEJXIpCxDPU)

[https://strava.app.link/soNFVKhqy3b](https://strava.app.link/soNFVKhqy3b)

Learnings after several months of this:

\- I really love double T. Doing most sessions on a treadmill kept things controlled, along with a decent shoe rotation. I did a lactate test at the beginning of the season so I had a pretty solid proxy for heart rate/pace. I really enjoyed the second session of the day where paces were faster, but because the workbouts were so short, it was still within threshold pace. After doing a marathon block, anything out of that six minute range was novel, fun, and created some solid adaptation.

\- I was trying to peak for a 5K a few months ago. That went well, but I really struggled with structuring a race season. If you’re not doing double threshold and hills, what should you be doing? How many weeks can you do specific work without losing strength adaptations. I felt a little bit rudderless as I moved into racing season. There’s so much about Jakob‘s base, but it’s fairly dark when it comes to sharpening.

\- I felt like I was able to stay fresh most of the time when I wasn’t doing a true Sunday long run. I felt like I was fairly recovered after just one day of easy running. Most of the time, I would try to throw a little bit of work into the Sunday medium long run (10-14mi), generally in the form of a progression run based on how I was feeling. Not sure if that’s copying Jakob, but it felt like more threshold work, which is in the spirit of the philosophy. Basically giving myself freedom to go faster or slower, without the stress or commitment of a written workout.

\- it probably gets closer to the second bullet point, but when I was copying Clayton, the PMP’s felt really important and were good confidence boosters. For this block, I didn’t really have any prediction workouts so you have to have a lot of faith in the threshold work.

\- i’m not sure it’s necessarily related to Jakob, or just something I was lazy about during Clayton, but doing strides several times a week made me generally feel fast and snappy.

I’ll be copying tinman elite/HAX for my next build, specifically under the coaching guidance of Reed Fischer. Super excited to have more structure and a schedule that can adapt to my specific needs, while still under the spirit of the copying series.

As always, appreciate everyone who is interested and follows along. Hanging on by a thread, but excited to try and make sub 230 happen this year.

London Marathon 2027 confirmed as two-day event

From https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/7373281/2026/06/18/london-marathon-plans-two-day-2027/

Next year’s London Marathon will be held over two days, Saturday 24th and Sunday 25th April, the organisers have confirmed.

Over 100,000 participants are expected to take part in the one-off event, which sees the full 26.2 mile distance raced on both days.

London Marathon Events (LME) CEO Hugh Brasher called it “our most ambitious evolution to date” in a press release, terming the event a “once-in-a-generation reimagining of what a marathon and city-wide celebration of activity can be”.

The plan is to split the men’s and women’s races across the weekend. Elite women and wheelchair racers, plus club runners who achieved the necessary qualifying time, will compete on one day and the men’s fields on another — both days will also include a mass event, with details to follow on the logistics. Participants will only be permitted to compete once over the weekend, with ballot results announced this July.

The organisers expect “the largest fundraising moment in UK sport” across the weekend, citing that this year’s competitors have raised over £90million. It is a solution to the rising “extraordinary demand” to compete in the British capital, with world record ballot entry numbers in each of the past two years — 1.33 million applied to race in 2026, a 36 per cent rise on 2025 and close to double the number who entered the 2024 ballot (578,304).

It’s a booming rise in popularity for a race first staged in 1981, which is now one of seven world marathon majors, along with Tokyo, Boston, Sydney, Berlin, Chicago and New York.

This year’s London marathon saw a host of incredible performances. Sabastian Sawe became the first athlete to run sub-two hours in record-legal conditions, clocking 1:59:30s as runner-up Yomif Kejelcha also broke the iconic barrier (1:59:41s). All three podium athletes in the women’s race broke 2:16, as Tigst Assefa came out on top in a sprint finish to lower the women’s-only world-record by nine seconds — which incidentally had been hers from London in 2025.

Five of the fastest men’s marathons ever have been run at London, and since 2004 it has held the women’s-only world record — by Paula Radcliffe until 2024, when Peres Jepchirchir ran 2:16:16s, and then taken by Assefa.

LME say that a “major focus of the double will be inspiring and supporting the next generation”. All London schools are to be given two guaranteed entries for teachers or other staff, with additional such places allocated to the five London boroughs which the routes passes through — Greenwich, Lewisham, Southwark, Tower Hamlets, and the city of Westminster.

“All additional income generated will be distributed by the London Marathon Foundation to projects that inspire activity for children and young people across London and the UK,” LME added in their press release.

There is really no precedent for this, and as such LME have had to gain permission from stakeholders, plus local councils, emergency services and Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, to stage this event. Plans for this two-day event were first reported by The Guardian late this March.

How to not have to urinate during marathon.

Just finished my 4th marathon (3:02) and every one I’ve done so far I have to stop at least 1 time to urinate. I usually have to go a few times right before the race begins 

This last race I had a black coffee and PH 1500 (electrolyte mix with 750mg sodium) 2 hours before and nothing else to drink beforehand until the race started. 

 I thought taking a high concentration sodium drink before would decrease the urge to urinate before but it didn’t. 

For my next one I’m just planning to have more time prior to the race when I have liquids but does anyone have advice on this ? 
Thanks!

Running a fast mara is almost all about the mileage.

For context, I’ve been going for all the 1%s to get better over the past few yrs. The recovery boots, being obsessive over how much carbs to put in my drinks, counting the gels, recovery boots etc. I struggled to improve my times. I got down from 250 to 248 for the marathon and had 6 races in this range. I do have carbon plate racers and quite a few pairs of shoes. 

Then this year I just bumped up the mileage from 110k pw to 140-150k pw during the peak period. Mostly zone 2 w a session per week. I then knocked 10 mins off the pb 2 mths ago. Not much else changed. Just ran more miles. 

Point of this post is to just say do we all focus on all the ancillary stuff when all we need to do is just run more mileage? I’m not saying this applies to everyone and obviously you need a very strong base to do the mileage I did. Just an observation.  Sorry if this is super obvious to many of you. 

Edited: thanks for all the contributions guys. Agree with many of you that mileage was probably the bulk of the difference here but quality of work can also make a difference. In future I’ll be curious to see if I can go well by doing less and more x training w a good quality marathon paced workout plus a speed sesh. Thanks again

Yeah you might be right. The thing is not everyone can just run more, it will break their bodies. They need to focus on other things first, diet and strength, in order to be able to handle more mileage. Also, it takes a long time to increase from 110-140 for most people to be able to handle it. Sure you can maybe handle 3 weeks at 140 and then ramp down, but can you handle 6-10-15 weeks at that? On the other hand I have seen plenty of people doing 100-120 km and not running that fast (nog even breaking 3h).

Weight loss didn't make me faster

So often people will post things on this subreddit (along with all the other running subreddits) asking about losing weight to get faster. Almost always the threads are flooded with comments from people talking about how much it helped. The starting weights people would list were all healthy weights but they would still lose 10-20 pounds.

I have always struggled with body anxiety so reading these made me feel like I needed to lose weight if I was serious about my goals. I am a 5'4" 31 year old female and was 130 pound for years but got down to 118 pounds which I've maintained. 

My times have not budged at all even though I've significantly increased both my mileage and strength training. My race paces are identical to 12 pounds heavier. It feels like I am underfueling all the time to maintain this weight. I have finally had enough of this weight loss experiment and started making an effort to eat more (which is hard because my stomach has shrunk). 

It seems like a majority of people advocating for weight loss are male runners. Weight loss in men/ women is so different so I'm wondering if that is part of it. 

I just want to send an FYI to all the runners out there, you do not need to lose weight to get faster and losing weight does not guarantee you are faster!

How bad should a perfectly paced marathon feel?

Just ran my third marathon at Chicago and it was physically the best I’ve felt after any marathon. I PR’d but not by as much as I wanted and wondering if feel fine after is just a result of adaptations from another 1000 miles of training or if I could’ve run it faster.

- first marathon: aimed for sub-4, realized I was way more in shape that I thought and started picking up the pace over the last 6 miles, negative split by >9 mins for 3:38. Felt great cardio wise, but legs and feet were shredded, had trouble going up the stairs for a few days 
- second marathon @ CIM: aimed for sub-3:30, felt really good at the start and was holding 7:45 ish miles. Felt like a switch flipped at mile 21, held on for another 3 miles and they deteriorated to a 8:00 pace for the last two. Came in at 3:24 with a 20 second positive split and was completely incoherent, went down on my hands and knees immediately and was offered a wheelchair 3x while I limped away.
- Chicago: wanted sub 3:20 but training block didn’t give me the confidence I could do it. Took it out in going 7:30-7:48, big variation based on feel and was pretty generous about reeling it in when I started feeling tired. However, no deep cut on mile 21 that I was expecting, and cranked down to a 7:17 pace over the last 2.2 miles. Went 3:21 with a 35 second negative split. Was panting and out of breath and the end and legs were sore, but had no trouble (slowly) walking and climbing stairs to get home

Question is what does a perfectly paced marathon feel like? Should I feel good like this or godawful and a shell of a person like CIM?

What will be the state of marathon races in 5 years (for non-elites)?

It feels like the acceleration is happening so fast that things might be very different (and worse) for the average runner in the not-so-distant future.

The second-tier marathons are quickly becoming the equivalent of what the first-tier marathons were 10 years ago: Grandma's sold out apparently on Day 1 this past year...Philadelphia is already sold out for November...CIM sold out so quickly they had to instate a lottery for additional entries. Do these all become lottery-only in 5 years?

And for the first-tier...the lotteries are functionally impossible at this point, and honestly from what I heard from folks who ran it in 2025, the logistics of NYC are so crazy now that it makes them less enjoyable. Do these majors become two-day affairs in 5 years? Do they end up being, like, $1k entry fees?

It's trickling down to smaller races too. I did Kiawah a few years ago because I thought it'd be a super chill and easy race, and it turned out to have the most insanely horrible race-day logistics ever because they clearly were not prepared for how fast the race was growing. What do these types of smaller races look like in 5 years? 

Curious what people think. How do things look 5 (or more) years down the road if we keep up this exponential growth?

For people that went from mid morning or afternoon runs to EARLY morning runs.

So, I’ve seen a few threads on here about this but want to get my self-debate out there. I am usually a after work runner 1600 1700, but on weekends I usually run 0700 or 0800 AM. Ive been this way for the past 4 years but I think I might switch it up, I never feel like doing it after work but I still find that willpower to do it every other day and I think that I will REALLY not want to do it at my new preferred time of waking up at 0530 and being out the door at 0515 in the morning. One reason being that I know that am not alert, bones muscles are stiff and even being prior military I fucking hated running early morning runs. Another factor is that it’s winter... and it’s going to be 0C to minus temps for the next 5 months (I come from a place that’s 15C at its coldest), I hate the cold. So let me stop being so negative in this post 🤣and stop trying to unmotivate and talk myself out of it.

So, I ask...

For people that have transitioned from PM to AM running, what was your routine, your self-motivating thing you did, did the ease of running super early become easy after a few days/weeks? I am trying to find or develop that "spark".

  
My current plan is to set up all my running clothes and gear tonight to just get up and go in the AM, sleep early and embrace the suck.

I hope to see some motivational testimonies/advice when I wake up to do this tomorrow.

**EDIT**

Y'all are the best, thanks to everyone, I got about 9 hours till the forst super early run on years, and it's crazy to say that this thread has motivated me like nothing else. Thank you guys❤️

**Update**

Just got back from the run and it was WAY easier than I thought, they key for me just make sure I'm in bed around 9pm. Planned on doing a 5k ended up doing 10k. Thanks again!

I used to be a good runner… how do you cope with Father Time catching up with you?

I’m 42 now and starting to notice that I’m not quite the runner I used to be. It’s become a bit of an in-joke at home where my wife says I used to be a good runner whenever I’m moaning about running. She’s right to be fair.

I’ve got a ten-year-old and an eight-year-old, a wife of eleven years and a job that takes up a decent slice of my time. Life is good and I’m content with all of that. It’s just that the balance between running and everything else has shifted.

I still run anywhere between 30 and 60 miles a week and I still enjoy it but I don’t race as much now. I’m competitive locally in my age group and I’ve managed three small race wins this year but the bigger performances are behind me. My 2025 highlights so far include a 34:12 10k, a 16:20 5k and a 2:47 marathon. All solid but a fair way off where I once was.

For context, I’ve been running and racing seriously for years. As a v35, I’ve medalled at several BMAF events and represented England three times as a masters athlete. Those were proud moments but I can feel things slowing down now and I’m not sure what I want to do with that.

I thought ultras might be a good direction but I had a go at a Backyard Ultra recently and failed miserably. Didn’t even make my minimum target and that’s dented my enthusiasm for that world. I’m not sure if I want to stay in the masters road running scene either. Been there and done that.

So I’m at a bit of a crossroads. I still love running and the routine of it but I need something new to aim for. I’ve thought about maybe going the other way and trying track stuff like 800m or the mile or even giving weight training a proper go for a change.

Has anyone else been through this stage? What did you do to find a new focus once you realised your fastest days were behind you? I’m not ready to stop but I’d like to find something that still gives me that sense of progress while fitting around family and work life.

Why would running be the only thing that helps my mental health?

I've struggled with ADHD for the last few years. Recently, I've noticed that on the days I run and the days after my mental health is almost perfect. But, if I take a rest day or even substitute with strength training, I find that my mental health is slightly worse the next day. It is strange to me that only running produces these benefits and not any other exercise. I'd even like to focus more on strength training, but I feel tense and honestly terrible after my workouts.

Aerobic conditioning for big guys

Hi everyone,

I’m a rugby player with 260lbs (25% BF). I am hoping to simultaneously build my endurance and shed some extra weight.

I recently learned about maffetone method training (180-age as max hr for steady state) and have been following this for my cardio.

Training:
M/W/F: lifting heavy
Every day: 60+ minutes of cardio

For the cardio piece, I use the stair mill or treadmill (@15% incline, fast walk). Work up a good sweat carrying my big ass. I would run at a lesser incline or flat ground, but I pound my body enough playing rugby, and at my size, I’d just be wearing down my joints.

Sometimes it’s 30’ + 30’, sometimes it’s two hours straight. Just feel it out. Keep it at around 135-140bpm to stay well clear of my 150bpm maffetone number threshold.

This adds to 8-10 hours of steady state aerobic work per week. Is that enough to build a good aerobic base?

That's plenty for building an aerobic base especially at your size. Consistency at that effort matters more than chasing a perfect heart rate number. If you feel good and recover well you're on the right track, joints staying happy is a win.

Love Z2, but hate pushing myself

26F, been a recreational runner for a few years now (have done 2HMs but generally stick to \\\~3-6mi distances). Over the years I’ve learned to love Zone 2 running and slowed down a lot as a result. And now I don’t know how to go fast anymore! 😂 My first half I ran 90% of it with my heart rate at 175-180bpm, and now if my heart starts going above 165bpm, I just want to slow down and take it easy. I’m training for my first marathon, and while I know most of my runs should be in Z2, if anything, I’m having trouble making myself go faster on my long runs. \*\*Curious if anyone has experienced this before? How do I go back to being okay feeling out of breath??\*\*

For reference, my Z2 is usually at an \\\~11-12min pace, but I would love to shave a minute or two off for race day because running for 5.5hrs seems pretty brutal

Good news first: you haven't lost your speed. You've lost the tolerance for the discomfort and a bit of the neuromuscular pattern, and both come back quickly. If anything, the big easy base you've built makes right now the safest, easiest time to add a little top end back.

But not on your long runs, which is the one thing I'd change. Speeding up the long run is the exact "faster and further at once" combo that lands a lot of first-timers in PT, and it's the worst of both worlds: too hard to recover from, but too tired to actually run fast and build speed. Keep the long run genuinely easy. It's already doing its real job, which is endurance.

Put the fast somewhere else, and start tiny: strides. After an easy run, do 4 to 6 relaxed accelerations of about 20-30 seconds each, with a full walk or jog recovery between. They're about the safest way to reintroduce the out-of-breath feeling and wake your legs up, and there's no reason to wait until week 7. Start them now, once or twice a week. Once those feel normal again, tempo and threshold stop feeling scary, and that is when faster running starts to feel normal instead of alarming.

On the time worry: you won't run the marathon at your easy Z2 pace. Marathon effort sits a notch above easy, and the build itself, all that volume and the long runs, will lower your easy pace over the next few months. So you'll very likely come in faster than the 5.5 hours you're dreading without forcing a thing. For a first marathon, finishing strong off a big aerobic base matters far more than top speed, and that base is the part most people are missing. You're not.

The separation of body and mind in the magical second half

This was my experience in Berlin, when I ran my second marathon at the age of 53. I’ve done plenty of 10k races, and know my thresholds pretty well. Marathon however, is a completely different animal. The first half should be relatively easy. The seond half is where it becomes interesting. For me, the allure is in not knowing, can you do what you are trying to do. It can be a certain finish time. It can be reaching the finish line. It really does not matter. You will have wild stuff going on in your body and mind. And they are, or can be, separate! At least if you decide that they are. I hope my journal gives you an idea what goes on during that magical second half.  
——————————————————  
Before the start — which was on Sunday at 9:15 a.m. — the mood was very uncertain. While battling flu symptoms that had reared up at the start of the week, a self-inflicted zinc poisoning had me waking in the middle of the night before Friday feeling absolutely horrible and with an unprecedented, savage calf cramp. The vomiting and cold sweats had subsided earlier, but the calf still felt sore on Saturday. Saturday evening’s little walks promised well, though, as the leg started to feel almost symptom-free once it warmed up.

On Sunday morning in the Tiergarten, after a nervous-feeling warm-up and at least enough trips to pee in the bushes, I shoehorned myself into the front of the packed Corral D. My plan was to latch onto the heels of the 3-hour pacer over in Corral C. Apparently everyone else wanted that too. As the grandiose, mood-lifting music played, my skin duly broke out in goosebumps. After months of waiting and talk, the starting gun finally cracked, and the energy of thousands upon thousands of runners was at last channeled into the actual doing. During the first kilometers it became clear that, of the 45,000 starters, not everyone who’d made it this far forward had followed the start-group rules to the letter. In Wave 1, starting at 9:15, Corral D was supposed to hold only runners who had previously run a marathon in “3:00:01 – 3:15:00 hours.” At the moment of registration — that is, October 2018 — I hadn’t run a single marathon, so I suppose I stretched the truth a bit myself. I just couldn’t bring myself to believe the organizers would manage to verify every result entered on the registration forms. Since in my own mind I was already a pretty fast marathoner at this point, I’d entered a 3:07:15 personal best plucked out of thin air, and for extra assurance a link to our daughter’s gymnastics club website. That fine result from the imaginary “Kirkkonummi Marathon” was, however, no longer quite as made-up a number on race day as it had been when filling out the form. I’d since had time to run the Rotterdam Marathon in a time that fell short of it by only a few minutes. In any case, early on there was a lot of passing, in both directions. The pacer’s rhythm — and especially the battle for running room behind it with the other sub-3 hopefuls — was really jerky and stressful. Since I had the route and target time loaded onto my watch, that also kept me very well aware of the right pace. On the Garmin display, in cat-sized letters the whole time, was how many seconds I was ahead of (-) or behind (+) the virtual rival marching mechanically toward a 2:59:59 finish. Quite early on I let the accordion effect of the pack chasing the pacer push me past it in the line at some point. After that I started running my own race. I tried not to think about the calf trouble, and hoped that once I just got my legs properly warm I’d no longer have to fear the cramp.

Somewhere around the 5K mark I thought back to Rotterdam and compared sensations: the effort felt lighter to me, and I figured that would show in my heart rate too. In Rotterdam my average heart rate for the whole distance had been 162, so I figured it would now be somewhere around 150. Maybe even the low 140s. I flipped the Garmin from the PacePro screen to heart rate, which to my horror was over 160. Relative to my expectation, that was at least 10 beats too many. Too much information. I decided that was the last time I’d look at — or even think about — my heart rate. My per-kilometer pace, which beeped onto the screen every 400m, was a few seconds faster than target pace. So relative to my virtual pacer the seconds were nicely in the minus. The run felt light, and the first 10K went by in 42:21. The half also clicked off in 1:29:23, so at that point I was already over 30 seconds ahead. Since earlier in the week even taking part had looked very uncertain, in my mind I had in a way already exceeded expectations. First of all, I’d made it to the start line at all. Secondly, I’d run the half under 1:30. The run still felt light, but as a veteran of one whole marathon I knew that somewhere in the latter stretch the will and the ability to keep going would surely start to fade regardless. At the 25K mark there were no real problems yet with holding pace. The bank held a 37-second lead at that point, so everything looked very good.

With one exception, I managed to fight my way to a cup or two of water at every aid station. Some of the water I poured over myself to cool the engine. The gels and energy chews also went down roughly to plan, one unit about every half hour. When you’re flirting with your anaerobic threshold, though, the gut’s behavior isn’t entirely predictable. My stomach was already churning enough that, had this been an ordinary run, at this point I’d have absolutely had to go find a bush. The distress signals didn’t really scare me, though. I turned the matter into a positive. This is a good thing. The need to concentrate on keeping my cheeks together keeps my thoughts off the actual problem — sustaining the same pace for a good 15K more. In my opinion, no setbacks ultimately came.

Next I started thinking of the 30K marker as a kind of mental checkpoint: “if you reach it at sub-3 pace and only then the wheels come off, that’s already a quite respectable failure.” We got there, and there was still over 40 seconds of good in hand. At best I think the watch had flashed a reading of -48, i.e. the only easy day was yesterday. The going was now getting more labored kilometer by kilometer. At this stage I negotiated with myself the whole time about whether to ease off — to abandon the sub-3 chase and just try to somehow reach the finish. The buffer was such that I could relax quite a lot and still probably set a new PB. That option started to feel very much worth considering. After a moment, somewhere around 35K, I was already almost certain that three hours would not be broken today no matter what. I might as well ease the pace a little. Looking afterward at the telemetry, there were still 36 seconds of good left at the 35K mark. My hip flexors and thighs, however, were getting so spent that pace and willingness were dropping at an exponentially accelerating rate. I was already very close to letting go of the goal — in practice, to stop watching the clock and start running at whatever pace felt less bad.

In the negotiation going on inside my head, however, resistance to giving up also began to rise. I thought about the enormous amount of work it would take to get back to this same point where I was now: only 7K of marathon left, the early part already run at sub-3 pace. On top of this morning’s effort it had taken 12 weeks of structured running training, and beneath that an exceptionally long stretch of endurance sport with no seasonal flus or any other interruptions. From my earlier marathon projects that had ended in a DNS, I knew an opportunity this good might never even come again. I looked around and thought how I wished I could somehow swap my strength with whichever runner had the most of it left. Then it occurred to me: what if, after the trade, it turned out that I had in fact had the most strength left of this bunch? Somehow, out of these negotiations inside my head, I ended up deciding to hold the same pace: #Breaking3 or #BreakingMe — let it break wherever it breaks, but I will not deliberately ease the pace today. If my body doesn’t want to run this pace all the way to the end, then let it choose for itself which fuse to blow. There’s no point coming to me to ask for relief anymore.

Withdrawals from the seconds-bank were now being made practically nonstop. I nursed the hope that even if the numbers had time to flip to the plus side, then right at the very end — the last kilometer or two — I’d wring absolutely everything out of the machine and rewind the missing seconds back. I stuck with the pace of the ever-thinning crowd. In my mind I pictured it moving like a wave in water. At the start the wave had been big and powerful. Now only the remnants were left. Would I be washed all the way to the finish along with it? Above all I tried to think about anything except the signals my body was screaming — that below the waterline the iceberg had already torn the hull open and sinking was only a matter of time. At the 40K mark all the good banked early on had been spent, and then some. Even in the race studio they’d noted that the finish time predicted by the live tracking had slipped to the wrong side of the goal, to a reading of 3:00:02. Apart from me, no one involved probably still believed the finish time could be forced back to one that started with a two. Two kilometers was still such a long way that I couldn’t quite launch the final kick yet. The pull of the finish was starting to be felt, though, and I now noticed I was passing more people than were passing me. The route twisted, and behind every corner I hoped to see, at the end of the much-described home straight, the Brandenburg Gate — from which it would be only a few hundred meters to the finish. After two 90-degree feints both turning the same way to the left, the Unter den Linden boulevard — the home straight and the final kilometer — finally opened up ahead.

Now there was no more holding back — but then again, there wasn’t much left to hold back. I glanced at the watch one last time after the Brandenburg Gate. The good had been clawed back: it read -12 seconds. Surely that couldn’t be lost over 300 meters? At least it wasn’t worth spending any more time or energy looking at the watch — just run as hard as I possibly could. My rev counter is deeper in the red than ever. My whole body is practically screaming to hit the kill switch. You simply cannot push any harder than this. Later I’ll see from the telemetry that my heart rate at the finish line was 186. That’s higher than the max from the spring treadmill test. The final kick captured on the race video, however, looks like a miserable slog through soft sand. That footage isn’t fit to show anyone without first-hand marathon experience. And really not even to them. I see the digital clock at the finish, but it’s counting gross time from the gun and has already passed the magical three-hour barrier. My start corral crossed the line well after the bang, so the big digital numbers offer my kick no help. Finally I cross the finish line and get to stop the watch at last. My marathon is done, and I’ll soon get a medal as proof. In my foggy state I can’t quite make out the Garmin’s numbers, but I’m sure the time starts with a two. As long as I don’t now botch saving the run!

In the body, processes are rapidly reconfiguring. Oxygen, blood and lactate no longer need shuttling at the same rate, but this news apparently hasn’t yet reached every department. My muscles stiffen at an incredible rate, while the still-rainy weather chills a body utterly drained of energy. I’m beginning to understand the appeal of fainting just past the finish line. Overall I start to feel quite bad pretty quickly, but it no longer matters and doesn’t dampen my good mood one bit. I don’t feel like the banana on offer, but I force it into my stomach anyway and drink water greedily. I hobble as briskly as possible — i.e. at a snail’s pace — toward a porta-potty, but along the way a 10–15 cm curb proves an insurmountable obstacle. Trying to get up it, my calf is hit by such a fierce cramp that I have to grab a road sign to stay upright. That effort in turn sets both my sides cramping violently. The medics are there in an instant. They start straightening me out and coaxing me toward their tent. As the cramps finally let go, I thank them for the help and the offer, but announce I’ll be continuing toward the porta-potty. After a very necessary pit stop, I get to carry on toward the bag drop. Under the eave of the tent, taking turns with back and side cramps, I do somehow manage to get the soaking-wet shirt off and dry clothes on. The feeling is euphoric. I’m so empty of all energy that I can’t quite solve the mystery of how I’ll get from here back to the hotel. One good option would seem to be to sit down on the cobblestones and hope the travel companions finishing after me solve it for me. I call one of them, but for some reason neither of us even brings the problem up. I lever myself upright. Hotel Berlin Berlin is an impossible-sounding walk of over 3K away, but I mustn’t lie down in the fire. As sometimes happens, weakness can be turned into strength. Right at the start of the trek, my salvation unexpectedly turns out to be that I don’t make it across the 4-lane street during the green light. As the lights turn red and cars approach menacingly, I’m unsure how I should act. I notice one of the approaching cars is a taxi. My position in the middle of the lane gives me a clear advantage over the dozens of other tired runners who’d been angling for one. I stop the taxi by standing passive-aggressively in its path. I get into the car and tell the driver the address and, in schoolboy German, that I also greatly appreciate his contribution to this travel operation so important to me — i.e. “Ich liebe Dich.” The mustachioed fellow has a chuckle, but the job is in the bag.

Much later, at home in Kirkkonummi, I write 2:59:45 in marker on both the race bib and the back of the medal — even though I remember the finish time perfectly well anyway.  
——————————————————  
Pointless things have whatever meaning you give them. Let everyone draw from endurance sport in whatever way suits them best. I don’t push this kind of blood-in-the-mouth striving on anyone else. Nor do I feel I’m competing against anyone, even if they happen to have an equally furious finishing kick going at the same time and place as me. I know many regard this sort of excessive striving and clock-staring as completely insane. There are even such doubters within my own family! I don’t even disagree with them — but this kind of madness is just so much fun! I do secretly admire my friends who don’t even feel the need to wear a sports watch on their various fine outings. To each their own; for me, challenging myself every now and then with “type 2 fun” brings a nice bit of spice to life. The name of our WhatsApp group, founded in 2017, #Breaking3, actually started as a joke. Breaking three hours wasn’t a realistic goal for me in any way back then, nor for the other members of the group. But it was a fascinating idea. Three hours is a completely arbitrary milestone, but it landed in that sweet spot that was challenging for me — if not downright impossible. But still maybe possible. #Breaking3 was really mostly just a direction to move toward, without knowing whether it would ever come true. Going from the first thought experiment to a realistic chance of success took maybe three or four years. The failures didn’t embarrass or even depress me, but the more I failed, the more meaning success ultimately took on. A similar challenge can of course be built and experienced around any suitable goal you choose for yourself. For me, it was precisely the uncertainty of the outcome that made the whole thing so interesting in the end.

Have fun in your own endurance-sport projects! Or leave them undone, if you enjoy that more!

When should I start practicing with gels on long runs?

I’m currently building up my long runs and wondering when people generally start using and practicing with gels.

This week my long run is 10 km, but over the next several weeks it’ll increase steadily at about 2 km per week for the next 6 weeks.

My goal isn’t necessarily that I need gels right now, but I’d like to avoid trying nutrition for the first time on race day. At what distance or duration would you start practicing with gels, and how often would you take them during training?

Worried abt my Pace

I’m on week 5 of training and I’m starting to worry that my pace won’t cut it for the race I’m doing. I run around a 13-14min mile on my long runs currently and the race that I’m planning on doing needs me to maintain just under a 15 min mile to make the cutoff. Am I pushing it too much? Should I switch to a different race with a different cutoff? My goal would strictly be to finish and I’m planning on walking when I need to, but I’m worried I won’t have enough time and am feeling a bit discouraged.

First marathon average 180bpm - Is my heart broken?

I ran my first marathon a couple weeks ago, finished in exactly 5 hours with an average pace of 11:30 after getting into running in the fall.  

\*\*My average heart rate was 180bpm.. for 5 hours.\*\* 

At no point in the race did I necessarily feel winded or short of breath.  When I reach 200bpm I can feel myself winded, but at 180bpm I can still talk relatively normally and do not get out of breath.  

A lot of my training consisted of hr zone training at 150bpm and I’d have to run / walk at like a 13 min / mile pace to achieve that.  

I have mentioned to a few people that my average hr was 180 and they question how I sustained that for 5 hours but that part did not even compare what so ever to how my legs felt for a lot of the race.  

I’ve been somewhat consistently trying to actually train in lower HR zones but I never ever see progress it feels like if I run for more than 15 minutes my HR just settles at 180 no matter what pace - unless I am all out sprinting.

What do people eat for marathon training?

I'm training for my first marathon. I've done halfs but struggling to refuel. What do people eat for energy? Ideas and meal plans welcome.

How do I not feel scared of increasing distance on long runs?

When starting training the longest I’d ran was 5 miles. Now with training plan I’ll be running a new longer distance every time. It feels a tad intimidating like breaking my records. A little silly I know signing up for marathon to feel this way haha. This is a bucket list item in my hometown, so only once you have the opportunity. 

Any advice or how you got over mental hump?
A few tips that have been helpful for me.
- Join a running group, run with someone else. If you can run and chat, the time will pass quicker.
- Meausre in time not distance. Say your logn run was an hour last week, it oculd go an hour next week. You can approxmiate the progresson of the plan to your average pace, but dont stress if you ran 7.8 miles instead of 8. It really doesnt matter. The time thing especially if you're doing an out an back is good. You don't have to push the pace you can stay dsiciplined and relaxed and you also can plan when you're going to finish as well.
- Podcasts, even delay your favorite podcast to long run day.
- If you're doing out and back enjoy the fun of going a litle further. Like hey I've never seen this street/ tree/park before. I wonder what I will will next week when I go a little further . Stay curious

Replacing easy runs with long runs

My marathon training plan says I should do 4 days a week of running: 

  
\- 3 x easy runs

  
\- 1 x long run

  
But what happens if instead of doing this, I just do 3 x long runs per week?

  
I'd be getting more weekly mileage this way, and I'd also give myself more rest days. Plus this would fit in easier to my work schedule and social life.

  
And aren't long runs pretty similar to easy runs anyway, since we're running them at an easy pace?

Anyone else struggle to hit goal pace in training but still PR on race day?

Did anyone else think, "There's no way I can hold this pace for 10K," and then somehow do it on race day?

I'm curious how common it is for runners to struggle hitting goal pace in training but still run a PR when it matters.

What was your experience? How far off were your training paces compared to what you actually raced?

Looking for some stories (good or bad) as I head into my next 10K.
Yes. I’ve done this in two marathons. First one was when I ran 3:26, that pace felt unsustainable at the time for that long.

Second was when I ran 2:58. That pace felt very unsustainable and daunting but I trusted the taper and the work. At mile 6 or so I realized I was going to run sub 3 just solely off how good I felt.

Is 5x1km @ 3:55 enough for a sub-20 5K?

Running a sub-20 5k seems to be a common running goal, and with it comes running the appropriate intervals.

But what kind of benchmark is there that tells you that you're ready?

Today I ran 5x1km @ 3:55 with 90 seconds rest. Last week I ran 3x1.5km @ 4:05 with 120 seconds rest.

AI is telling me this is good enough for a sub-20 attempt once I rest up, but I'm curious what other reddits think and what kind of times you all had when you were just breaking a sub-20.

Thanks!

I think I'd be able to keep my pace for this workout if I taped for a 5k race. But as other runners have commented, it depends on how much you pushed the workout. If I was going all out on that workout, I'd be able to run a lot faster than my 5k pace with 90 seconds rest.

When I was more fit in my 20s, 3x1 mile with 1 minute rest was a good benchmark workout for me. That third mile told me my 5k fitness.

What rules do you use for rebuilding volume after time off?

I’ve noticed that most training advice focuses on building fitness and race preparation.

What I find much less clear is the period after an interruption.

Whether it’s illness, travel, life getting in the way, or just a break from structured training, rebuilding volume always feels more nuanced than building it in the first place.

Do you follow any specific rules?

For example:  
\- percentage increases  
\- number of weeks at each volume  
\- perceived recovery  
\- coach guidance  
\- something else entirely

Personally, I’ve found the return phase harder to navigate than the initial training build-up. There seems to be a lot of advice on how to get faster, but much less consensus on how to safely and effectively ramp things back up.

Curious what approaches have worked well for experienced runners.

Physio perspective here. 

Most programs and runners are decent at understanding concepts of loading and injury risk mid-cycle. 

Between cycles, however, many can overdo. A lot of people are out there accumulating tissue fatigue without really realizing. This is why we generally recommend only racing 2 marathons per year. 

Of course, the longer and more you've run will help. But generally, a half day of per mile you've raced OFF running is a good idea. The Pfitz recovery, for example, has you running on the 3rd day post marathon. While an easy run is nice for recovery, taking an off period seriously can make a massive difference for your next cycle. You probably won't get injured immediately, but a lot of people start seeing negative effect early/mid the following cycle.

The downside of 13 days off post marathon is we then want the ramp to mileage to be slower too. Don't discount the mental benefits of this too, though.

So for an average runner who's done a few marathons and completed Pfitz 12/70, we are likely talking 4-6 weeks of base building after a spring marathon before another program. For a fall marathon (eg second of the year), it would be 4-6 weeks very easy, then the 6 week base prior to a program.

I have a few great examples of patients with stress fractures right now. They have no nutrition or loading errors acutely, but when we've discussed far enough back they seem to have accumulated too much training stress post race months prior.

Performance wise, people don't love this perspective. But keep in mind that your race times are built over years, not months. If you're off injured, you're not improving running economy and fitness, and this far outweighs an "aggressive" off season.

Best Carb Load Strategy for a Full:

For people who have ran multiple Marathons trying to PB each time, what are some of your carb loading DOs/DONTs??

This could vary alot depending on the runner, i get that. I'm just really curious.

I've heard people say 8-10g of carbs per KG of weight for the Thu-Sat/ & others that don't do nearly as much. Do you eat more on the Thu&Fri, to try not feel overly bloated on race morning?

\*I'm really interested to see what everyone's thoughts are on this, thanks\*

Do I actually need to run Zone 2 or is it overhyped?

I’m a relatively new runner (24F, \~58kg) but not a complete beginner anymore. I built myself up from couch → 5k → half marathon over time.

For context:

•Ran my first ever half marathon in January at 6:38/km pace (183 HR average)

•My “easy” and long runs back then were usually around 6:40–6:50/km

•After that race I went on holiday and didn’t run for \\\~2 months

•I’m now building back up again and just did a 12km long run this week

Current training:

•3 runs per week:

•1 easy run

•1 long run

•1 speed session (intervals/tempo)

•Gym \~2x per week

My overall goal now is to improve my pace and train for another half marathon at a faster time.

The thing is, I pretty much never run in Zone 2. Even now, most of my runs drift into Zone 3–4 without me really trying. It feels comfortable enough and I’ve still been able to improve doing it.

But now I keep seeing everywhere that you need to run most of your mileage in Zone 2 to build an aerobic base and actually get faster.

When I try to stay in Zone 2, my pace drops to around \~7:30/km+, which feels ridiculously slow compared to what I am capable of running and what I have run before.

So I’m stuck between:

•Just keep running how I have been (since it worked to get me to a half marathon)

•Or force myself to slow down and actually stick to Zone 2 even though i’m capable of much more.

Extra context:

•Max Heart Rate 198

•Most runs feel moderate effort (they are mainly in zone 4), but these feels not super easy but not exhausting

Has anyone been in a similar position? Did switching to proper Zone 2 actually make a noticeable difference for your pace, or is it a bit overemphasised for recreational/non athlete runners?

**TL;DR:**

24F runner, ran a 6:38/km half in Jan, took 2 months off and now rebuilding (3 runs/week: easy, long, speed + 2 gym sessions). I never really run Zone 2 — everything ends up Zone 3–4. Zone 2 pace feels super slow (\~8:00/km). Do I actually need to slow down to improve, or can I keep training how I have been?

This is the common misconception about Z2. It's only really good if you're running a lot and you need to further add volume while minimizing injury risk.

3 runs a week only at Z3 will give you all the benefits of 3 runs at Z2, plus the benefits at a higher zone. The reason this can be detrimental at times is if you can't adequately recover from the higher intensity, which becomes more of a problem when you're running 6-7 days a week.

PSA: How your heart rate zone 2 might be lying to you.

I see posts in a number of different running subs that ask something along these lines:

> I'm trying to run slow in zone 2, but my heart rate as 200 beats per minute! I'm running 16:00/mile (10:00/km)!

Basically, the concern is that OP feels they are running slow trying to target zone 2, but their heart rate monitor (HRM) is reading something in zone 4 or zone 5. They don't feel like they can run any slower and want to know what's up.

There is a lot of reasons why your HR is reporting as high as it is, so let's unpack everything. If you don't want to read the post, here's the TL;DR:

**TL;DR:**

1. Get a chest strap.
1. Heart rate is influenced by many daily life factors.
1. Do a field test to find your aerobic threshold.
1. Consistency, consistency, consistency.
1. Ultimately, RPE trumps monitoring your HR.

Here's the lengthy breakdown:

# Get a chest strap
Watch HRMs are *notorious* for being inaccurate. First off, the top of the wrist is a bad place to optically read your pulse. The wrist is filled with tendons making the optical view difficult for the HRM. Further, most GPS watches aren't placing high priority on their optical HRM accuracy. There is a lot of optical noise in the wrist the firmware must eliminate to ensure it's getting a clear, clean pulse reading. The bottom of the wrist really isn't much better.

Second, your wrist is swinging while you run. Unless the watch is really strapped down tightly, your arm swing is likely introducing noise for the optical reader to filter, thus making it more difficult to get accurate readings.

However, a chest strap only needs to read the electrical signal your heart produces while beating. Unlike optical HRMs, there is very little to noise that the chest strap HRM needs to filter out. Movement isn't a concern either. As such, it's much easier to read your actual heart rate. Even cheap chest straps will likely give more reliable readings than your expensive GPS watch HRM.

If chest straps are uncomfortable for you, consider a dedicated optical armband HRM. These fit on the forearm or upper arm and optically read your pulse from a more visible position under the skin, away from tendons. Because they're dedicated to one job only, they are usually just as reliable as chest straps.

# Heart rate can by highly variable
Your heart rate is susceptible to a number different factors that create as much as 15-20% variance from day-to-day. Caffeine, sleep habits, personal stress, your daily circadian rhythm, heat and humidity, illness, etc. I personally have gone out for a very light, very easy zone 2 run, only to see my chest strap reporting that my heart rate is beating 20 beats per minute higher than what I would normally expect.

Some tips:

1. Try to reduce your caffeine intake, especially at night.
1. Get good quality, deep, full sleep.
1. Find ways to manage stress during the day (easier said than done).
1. Run in the cooler mornings if possible.

The more you can put yourself into a predictable physical state each day and train at the same time each day, the more reliable your heart rate readings will be.

# Find true zone 2 with a field test
You might also have your heart rate training zones set incorrectly. Did you do some math based on your max heart rate, or using your resting heart rate to find your heart rate reserve? Then you are using some arbitrary percentage boundaries which really don't align with our physiology.

If you want to find your true zone 2 boundary, the best way is to do a simple field test, [as explained by Evoke Endurance](https://evokeendurance.com/our-latest-thinking-on-aerobic-assessment-for-the-mountain-athlete/):

1. Run a very flat route (< 1% grade) or on a treadmill. This test cannot be executed on hills.
1. Warm up getting your heart rate up to where you think the top of your zone 2 boundary is.
1. Keep this pace for 1 hour.
1. Cool down.

Take the average heart rate for the last thirty minutes of your test and divide it by the average heart rate of the first thirty minutes of your test. If your heart rate drifted:

1. Less than 3.5%, you could have run harder.
2. Between 3.5% and 5%, you found your zone 2.
3. More than 5%, you ran too hard.

For example, if the average HR for the first 30 minutes of your test was 145 bpm and it averaged 152 bpm for the last 30 minutes, then 152/145 ~= 1.048275862. Your HR drifted about 4.8% during that test. 145 is the top of your zone 2.

Execute this test every 6-8 weeks to keep an eye on your aerobic development.

# Consistently run week-over-week
If you've ever taken a break from running, perhaps due to an injury, burn out, or some other reason, you may have noticed that when you get back into it, your HR is higher than you normally have seen in past training. This is due to losing mitochondria in your muscles and the capillaries receding back out of deep muscle tissue.

The same is true for new runners or those who are not training consistently. The key to a low heart rate is an efficient aerobic system, which requires getting as much oxygenated blood into the working muscle as possible. The more mitochondria you have, the more efficient this process becomes. The deeper the capillaries, the more efficient also. Mitochondria and capillary density are increased through regular, consistent training.

This means pound the pavement (or dirt if you prefer) on a regular, consistent schedule, day-after-day, week-after-week, month-after-month. Only after a couple weeks will you notice your HR dropping, and only after several weeks to months will you notice your easy pace increasing without your HR increasing with it.

But the key is consistency. Break up that consistency, take breaks, or don't stick with it, and you won't see those aerobic gains.

# Rating of perceived exertion is your best friend
Really though, when all is said and done, *how you feel* trumps what your HRM is saying. Going back to heart rate variability day-to-day, your HRM might say your HR is a little high, but you feel great! Should you keep the effort or pull back to drop the HR? I'd say keep the effort, but really, if you're listening to your body, you'll know the right decision in that moment.

The following is a good guideline for running in "zone 2" without using an HRM:

| Zone | Breathing | Speaking | Sweating |
| :---: | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | Nose | Can sing | None |
| 2 | Nose/mouth | Full sentences | Light |
| 3 | Mouth | Short phrases | Medium |
| 4 | Audible | Single words | Hard |
| 5 | Grunting | Speechless | Heavy |

Obviously, this won't be true for everyone. You might be able to run hard efforts breathing through your nose, or it might be difficult to breathe through your nose during a walk. The above isn't prescriptive. It's descriptive. It's meant as a way to pay attention to what is happening to you while you're running.

Once you start getting your RPE calibrated, you'll find yourself looking less and less at your watch and find yourself more and more paying attention to what is around you—nature, animals, other people, city, sights, etc. You'll get to the point where you completely stop looking at your watch in your run. When you get home, and someone asks "Did you have fun on your run?" you could honestly answer "Yes!".

# Conclusion
A high heart rate for what you think is an easy zone 2 pace could be due to a number of different factors:

1. An innacurate HRM.
1. Caffeine, poor sleep, work stress, illness, etc.
1. Incorrectly set training zones.
1. Inconsistent running or new to running.
1. Ignoring how you actually feel in the run.

Digging into some of these reasons might help you identify why your HR is so high and how you can handle it in your training.

Let me know if you have any questions are find anything that needs correcting.

Consistently in zone 5 every run

I’ve been consistently running for 18 months now and am training for a half. I have a fitbit and a whoop and use them both when I run and have noticed that every. single. run. my heart rate is always 90-100% of my max and frequently exceed my “max” by over 10bpm. i had my heart checked recently and its fine. im female and in my mid-twenties. 

it doesnt matter how fast or slow i go, today i sustained zone five for over an hour, which i dont think is a thing? 

do i just have a secretly super high heart rate? is there a way to get my max hr tested? ive noticed this has been going on for a while, even when i do like a 12:00 two mile run, my heart rate is this high. it does not do this with crosstraining (biking/elliptical).

I had a similar issue. My Fitbit was picking up my cadence rather than heart rate. The wrist strap wasn’t tight enough, the Fitbit would bounce with every step and log it as a beat. Try tightening your watch and see if that makes a difference. Could explain why you’re not having the same problem with biking and elliptical.

Staying in zone 5 for an entire 5k

I'd like to start off by saying I'm new to running. I went for my second 5k run after a 6 month break. I was in zone 5 for 86% of the run. My average hr was 190 and my max was 208. I ran it as fast as I could (29.20). 

My question is, is this normal to run in zone 5 for such a long period? I thought z5 was only sustainable for short periods of time. What would your heart rates be at for a race pace 5k usually? Thanks guys.

How to Train Like a Pro: Part 1 - the Tempo Workout

###What is a Tempo Run?
The tempo run is a workout designed to improve your lactate threshold, the point at which the body switches from its aerobic pathways into its anaerobic ones.  However, the improvement of your threshold happens in a different manner than some of you are accustomed.  In order to improve your threshold, you need to work above the threshold for an extended period of time and not below it (for example, if your threshold is 9:24 per mile, you would want to operate ideally at 9:25-9:30 pace per mile for the duration of the workout).

###Therefore, it is possible to run too hard on a tempo run.
If you run too hard, you are stressing your aerobic capacity (which we do through the fartleks) and not your lactate threshold (also known in our terminology as anaerobic conditioning).  To prevent this, the tempo will require some thought and patience.  The tempo run will start around 20 minutes, we will add to it as you progress.  The key indicator of a successful tempo run would be the progression of splits.  A workout of 9:30, 9:26, 9:23, 9:18, would be far more preferable and beneficial than a progression of 9:18, 9:23, 9:26, 9:38.

It may take some time to find your starting point, just be intelligent, patient, and harness your aggressiveness early on.  It is important to learn to stress the appropriate system for the workout detailed.

###Where do I do a tempo run?
You want to avoid excessively hill terrain for a tempo run as that makes it more difficult to constantly be running the same effort (not pace, effort).  Also someplace where you can get reliable mile splits is great.  Additionally a tempo run is a continuous efforts, there is no stopping, with this is mind a location should be choose so that there are no stoplights or other areas which might cause a break in the effort.  A track fits these criteria but can be boring, personally I prefer greenways that have mile marks as they are less repetitive, although I do utilize the track for tempos on occasion.  Additionally if you have a GPS watch that opens up more options as long it is reliable.

###How do I know if I’m going the right speed?
As with most workouts this one is based on effort.  80%-85% is about the range for a tempo run.  One way to gauge is, could you run 5-10 seconds faster for another 5 min, but not much more than that?  Then you’re probably going the right pace.  This is not a workout where you’re falling down on the track in exhaustion afterwards, but it is a workout and you will be tired.

###I don’t think I did it right.
That’s ok.  You’ll have plenty of opportunities to practice tempo runs.  The idea is to figure out what went wrong and to try to avoid it in the future.  The biggest thing to work on is the negative progression of splits (each mile is equal to or faster than the one before).  After that is keeping the mile splits within a somewhat narrow (10-15 second) range while accounting for terrain changes (uphill miles will be slower, etc.).

Which would you prioritize? Tempo or Interval Session

Here’s the long in as short as I can …

I’ve been following the Hanson’s Beginner Half Marathon plan to train for my first half marathon for the better part of 13 weeks, and as an 18 week program, that means I’m pretty deep into the swing of things. I’m currently averaging about 60-70km a week. 

I always follow a “listen to your body” approach to managing strain and recently needed to take a number of days off because of a virus (not COVID but pretty gnarly all the same). I felt pretty great on an easy run this morning which leaves me with a little dilemma. 

The Hanson’s plan has two workouts mid week - an interval session at just faster than HMP or a long tempo session. Both generally equate to the same distance / time at speed when all is said and done. Im worried about injury by trying to change my routine to squeeze in all the session, so I wonder: is one session more beneficial over the other? I have the choice between:

3x2mile @ HMP-10 or 

5 miles at HMP

Which would you pick in my scenario and why?

Tempo runs are "comfortably hard" runs. Whatever comfortably hard means for the distance you are doing. Tempos are not slower paced runs they are faster paced.

I agree with the comments to avoid them for right now. All of your miles as a beginner should be easy miles, nothing really hard. You need to get used to running and get some volume built up before you start pushing the intensity.

For long runs, do you think of it in terms of distance or duration?

I used to view it through the prism of distance, but now I focus on the duration.  For me, at least, that mindset makes the run more manageable.

Duration. Im a super casual runner. I follow duration cuz i just wanna finish my podcasts. Lol.

Runners who run long without carrying hydration or nutrition. Why? How?

It seems like at least once a week someone will post a question asking about the long run, and inevitably someone will say something like,

"I don't consider anything less than 16 miles a long run... I don't ever carry water or nutrition unless it is longer than that.... It doesn't matter if it is hot and humid."

I live in South Florida and can't imagine doing anything longer than 6 mi without carrying or having easy access to hydration.

So what's the deal? Have you guys trained your bodies over long periods of time to really not need to take in fluids or energy? Are you exaggerating? Are there water fountains along your route? Are you dehydrated after your runs? Have you ascended past the stage of being mere mortals?

Is a long run determined primarily by distance, time, or effort?

My long runs are typically 20 easy miles taking just over 3 hours. It is ~30% of my weekly distance.

I've read that if doing marathon pacing intervals, I could shorten the long run to 16-18 miles for an equivalent effort. I do this about once per month coming in over 2 hours.

I want to train for some ultras this summer, meaning I need to get some trail running in with a lot of elevation gain. If I climb 5,000 feet, would 12 miles be equivalent to a long run? Or do I still need to focus on distance also? Or time?

Ultimately, I want to have the muscular endurance to both run 50K and climb 10,000 feet, but I'm curious what a long run should focus on: distance, time, or effort.

Long Slow Runs Are Dumb

Ok, obviously they aren't dumb. But man are they demoralizing if you (like me) are slow. See, a lot of you guys and gals here run your long slow miles at 7 or 8 minutes. That's still respectable. Me? My "pushing hard enough to nearly die" pace is 10 minutes and I can barely hold that for 3 miles.  I did 4 miles tonight at 12:30 pace. My only thought towards the end is that there are runners who do their "slow" runs twice as fast as me.  That seems ridiculous. I know there's nothing you can do about it. I know there's no easy button for being faster. But who else but you runnitors will understand my plight?

Don't think about other people.  Run for you, it's not about competing with other peoples times.  Run what you can and feel good about it!

Do Long Runs ever get easier?

My long run yesterday hurt me.  I ran 13.35 miles at a 10 flat pace.  I was proud of myself for controlling my pace in the first half  as I usually run too fast.  I struggled more than usual in the last half of this run.  When I got home I was hurting pretty bad, was slow to move, and had to labor to walk.  I feel OK this morning.

It was like 20 degrees, I was wearing tights, pants, two thermal shirts, gloves, hat, buff, wool socks and mostly just terribly uncomfortable.  I also ran about 4-5 miles with the wind downhill in the beginning, ergo 4-5 miles against the bitter cold wind uphill at the end and my pace actually sped up a bit.

I feel like I should be able to clock a run of this distance with no ill effects afterwards at this point.

I had a previous incident a couple months ago where I was supposed to run 16 miles and I gave up at 11 because I was really hurting and absolutely couldn't do any more.  I was using a stretched out Hal Higdon training plan and even though I dumbed down the Novice plan and stretched it out I hit that wall and basically started over with a sub 2 hour half marathon as the goal.

I also had a 13.2 mile run a couple of weeks ago that was fine, although I was definitely completely out of gas at the end.   I was able to conduct my day with no issues afterwards.

My longest run during this bout as a runner is 14 miles and I don't recall it being particularly stressful although I am sure it hurt.

I have been training since May of 2020 and my intention is to run a Marathon.  I applied for a spot in the October Chicago Marathon.  I am worried about this barrier that seems to exist around 13-14 miles.

At any rate I am only half way there from a miles perspective and I am worried about this wall I am apparently at.   I want to be able to run the Marathon and then function afterwards.  I have some aspirations of mild Ultras after the Marathon.  I would also like to have a 2ish hour training run not kill me as I expect to do them pretty much every weekend until October.

3 hour rule for long runs?

Hi everyone! 

I’m hitting my peak long runs over the next few weeks. Yesterday I ran 17, next week is 18, the next is 13, and then the next is 19. I run long runs at around a 11:30 to 12 min pace. This makes the 17 mile run a bit over 3 hours, and 18 and 19 would be over 3 and a half hours. 

I’ve read once you go over three hours you start risking more than you’d gain (risking injury and making legs really tired). Does anyone have tips, thoughts, or insights on this? Does anyone use a cap on long runs or not? 

Thanks in advance!!

What do you do to handle THAT inevitable long run

I feel like there is always one long run during every one of my training cycles that simply turns into a slog no matter what. Today was that day for me. Legs simply ran out of gas 9 miles into an 18 miles on a hot, humid Texas morning. The mental frustration is always aggravating to me because I feel like the entire run is a waste of time at that point. I ran/walked the last 9 miles about 3 mins/mile. I always finish every run with a couple sets of push-ups to simply make my body tell my mind that there is always energy and strength left over which helps.

What do y'all do to deal with those "bad" runs where you just don't have it on that particular day?

I figured out how to run my easy runs easy

Okay, before I start, I am *not* an elite runner, or even a good one, so if you’re more in that camp, my experience probably won’t apply to you, but if you’re a relatively average runner whose heart rate is always highish, even when you feel like you’re at conversational pace, read on. 

**What wasn’t working for me:**

1) checking my watch/thinking too much about my pace/heart rate and getting frustrated every time I needed to slow down after checking said data 

**What has been working:**

1) the big one: treating my run like a fit person’s walk. It has seriously been a game changer for me.

Back in the day, I used to love to go for long walks and just take in the scenery and enjoy life without thinking about how far or how fast I was going and just taking it all in like I was on an automatic walkway passing through town.  

Since I know what that feels like, now, when I’m doing an easy run, I let my body go on autopilot and have the mindset that I’m just “going for a walk” through my neighborhood. 

2) changing my music. This one seems obvious in retrospect, but before, I tended toward music that got me amped for a run. First, I toned it down to chill alternative, and after that gateway drug, went all the way down to middle school slow dance pop and even the occasional audio book. 

**Results**

When I look at my splits when I get home, I consistently run them evenly (or have negative splits) without even trying. 

Are they fast? No. Do I finish relaxed and with gas in my tank? Yes. My average heart rate is also 10-20 beats lower during the run. 

Will I still do runs where I think about my pace, form, etc. and push myself? Absolutely. But for now, it’s kinda nice enjoying the easy run life.

Is it really neccesary to do easy run for months to build the base?

Hi, I'm a amateur runner. Have been running 3-4 days weekly for few years now. I've got a tip by someone much more experienced that in order to be better runner, I have to do months and months of zone 2 running without any speed session on intervals. Just pure easy runs. Now that I've done that for couple of months, I don't really see any improvement whatsoever. My Vo2max have gone down 2 points, training load has always been in the lower green zone, and fitness wise I don't feel any better that what I used to be.

&#x200B;

Question is, do all amateur runners required to do easy run on zone 2 for many months? If it is, why dont I see it in any training plans like Garmin coach or Strava Summit? I wanna make sure what I'm doing is in the right direction.

Usually if you're doing only easy runs, it's for the purpose of base building, aka increasing your total mileage per week. This'll get your body used to doing higher mileage so that you can tackle harder training plans in your lead-up to the next race

Can you run your easy runs too slowly?

I've been thinking a lot about easy runs lately (cue laughter from r/RunningCirclejerk).  I've gotten more seriously into my training, adhering to 80/20, and the gains have been significant.  That being said, I'm still a relatively new runner without much variety in my experience.

I've been running my easy runs right at my 'limit" for easy runs - e.g., if the handy calculator says my easy run pace is 9:00-10:30, I try to run them right at 9.  Last two weeks, whether it's the heat or just having maybe overdone it a little bit, I find this pace a little less comfortable than before.  I was getting worried perhaps this was an indication that I was losing some fitness or over training, but I was also afraid that if I wasn't running my easy miles close to the limit, then I wasn't getting benefits of the easy runs.

I think this was flawed thinking.  But is there a pace at which your easy runs are less optimal?

EDIT:  this spawned a lot of different sub thoughts which are great.  If more are coming let me dial it in some more.  I’ve been running for 8 months seriously but have run off and on for 10 years.  This is the first time I’ve really focused on running in real paces by feel, pace, and HR.  I’ve read 80/20, I use a heart rate strap, etc.  my real question was are the physiological benefits of the easy pace diminished if I run at the low end of the prescribed range vs the high end?  Or is it all pretty much the same.  

I have definitely underweighted perceived effort on my easy days.  Some days that 9 minute pace feels completely easy some days somewhat trying (even when I’m in HR range and I can talk freely).

How do you stop yourself going too fast on easy runs?

I've got myself back into running in the past couple of months. Last week, I set a new PB of 22:31 for the 5km. I'm looking to try to bring my time down towards the 20 minute mark over the next few months with a mixture of interval workouts and easy long runs.

I'm doing my easy runs on an 11km route, with the aim of doing 5:30/km pace. I wear a watch to try to maintain that pace, but any time I stop looking at it and try to run for a couple of minutes, I start running 5:00-5:10/km pace and then have to consciously slow myself down again. I barely notice that I'm doing it, it just happens.

I'm finding it frustrating because I'm really not chasing speed or times on these runs. They're purely about getting kilometres into my legs and I do them without the added risk of fatigue, but it's almost as though my body/brain thinks I should be going faster unless I'm spending the entire run staring at my watch.

Does anyone have any methods they use to keep the pace down on easy runs and control their speed? I just want to enjoy them more without having to consciously apply the brakes every couple of minutes.

Anyone else struggle to stay disciplined on easy runs? I seem to end up going pretty hard just because I'm out so I may as well.

I'm trying to build up  endurance and strength by just putting in easier miles but I constantly find myself kicking it up a notch and pushing myself whenever I'm out. 

I've thought about maybe not looking at my watch and just going on how I feel to make sure I run within myself for longer distances. 

I've not suffered any injuries or adverse effects so far but I think its is probably only a matter of time. Any tips on sticking to easy runs?

Edit: Thanks for the really grest advice on running at a consistent and comfortable pace. I'm going to try staying in h/r zone 2 for a the majority of runs and then throw in a faster one each week.

How do I know if I truly ran easy?

For my easy runs, which is almost all the time, as I do at least 90% of my runs easy, how do I know for sure that I'm running easy? Honestly I can't tell and help would be much appreciated. Also I've tried heart rate and that doesn't work because my heart rate on my garmin is inaccurate.

How can you get a faster easy pace?

I got serious about running in January, and have been doing nearly all my runs at a pace that I consider to be easy (heart rate is 145 for easy runs and I'm a 25 y.o. 170 lb male). It's been about 9 months and my easy pace has gone nowhere. It's been consistently around the 10:45 minute per mile mark. Could this be too high or low of a HR for easy pace? I've only done 10 or so speed workouts so maybe that is the issue? I'd appreciate any advice I can get, thanks!

Base Building: When do you know you've base built enough base?

So...as a fledgling runner I'm trying to do everything right.  One of the big pieces though that everyone keeps telling me to work on is "base building" or building a strong cardio base with long, slow miles before really getting into specialized work outs and speed work.  So far I've been constantly running every week (3-4 runs per week with one of them being extra long) for the last 5 months and had a small back ground in running before that.  What I'm really curious about though is when do you know you've developed a strong base?

I'm asking this for myself and in general.

Am I base-building or running junk miles?

I’m running my second marathon next April, where I’ll be aiming to go sub-3:15 (first marathon was 3:28). I’ll be starting a 16-week plan in mid-December that begins at about 45 mpw and peaks at around 60mpw. 

I had taken a bit of a break from running until around a month ago, as I was doing a lot more cycling and a bit of swimming. To get to the point where I can do the miles mandated in my 16-week plan, I’m doing slow base building. I started at 25mpw a few weeks back, and will add two miles every other week so that by the time I get to mid-December and start the proper plan, I’m on approx 40mpw. 

Almost all of the base-building runs are at an easy pace (for me, approx 8:30-9/mile). I’ve just got a Garmin watch so trying to incorporate some HR zone stuff into that. Most of the running is actually just my commute - it’s 5.6 miles to my work. Some days I do morning and evening commute so I get used to running on tired legs. I do one speed session or one tempo run per week. 

My question is, are the easy miles ‘junk’ miles? I appreciate it’s a controversial term, but all the running I’ve done before now has been more varied: long runs, track, hills, intervals etc. Those feel like they’re doing more immediate good, but also are less sustainable. Should I change up my routine?

tl;dr: I’m base-building, 80-90% of my runs are easy 6 mile-ish. Am I getting a benefit for a long term marathon goal, or should I mix it up?

Am I base-building or running junk miles?

I’m running my second marathon next April, where I’ll be aiming to go sub-3:15 (first marathon was 3:28). I’ll be starting a 16-week plan in mid-December that begins at about 45 mpw and peaks at around 60mpw. 

I had taken a bit of a break from running until around a month ago, as I was doing a lot more cycling and a bit of swimming. To get to the point where I can do the miles mandated in my 16-week plan, I’m doing slow base building. I started at 25mpw a few weeks back, and will add two miles every other week so that by the time I get to mid-December and start the proper plan, I’m on approx 40mpw. 

Almost all of the base-building runs are at an easy pace (for me, approx 8:30-9/mile). I’ve just got a Garmin watch so trying to incorporate some HR zone stuff into that. Most of the running is actually just my commute - it’s 5.6 miles to my work. Some days I do morning and evening commute so I get used to running on tired legs. I do one speed session or one tempo run per week. 

My question is, are the easy miles ‘junk’ miles? I appreciate it’s a controversial term, but all the running I’ve done before now has been more varied: long runs, track, hills, intervals etc. Those feel like they’re doing more immediate good, but also are less sustainable. Should I change up my routine?

tl;dr: I’m base-building, 80-90% of my runs are easy 6 mile-ish. Am I getting a benefit for a long term marathon goal, or should I mix it up?

Speed work during base building?

Hey there, 

  
I've been seeing contradictory things around how much time/effort to invest into speed work during base building periods (which I understand to be around 2-3 months for most people?). 

  
How would the following affect base building:

*  Occassional tempo runs (once every 2 weeks)
* Finishing easy runs with negative splits in the last km (something around threshold pace)
* Progression runs

I understand that the main purpose is aerobic capacity building and speed work done mainly for the purpose of muscle/technique building, but I'm afraid going primarily easy for a few months would lead to decreases in VO2 max and lactate threshold, which I built up for a HM prep the last time out. 

  
I haven't found an answer going through here or online, so thought I'd make a post, hope I didn't break any rules.

How do you decide between recovery run and rest?

As a relatively new runner I’m excited and eager looking to grow and get out for runs as much as possible, but also want to be smart about it from a safety perspective. I see a lot of folks talk about both rest and recovery runs. What is your experience? If you only get three-four runs a week, is it better to incorporate recovery runs or just have rest days in between? Stories, experiences are all welcome! Thanks so much.

Stupid question, how do you do a recovery run?

So I'm not much of a runner (I've done 10k races for charity, and a half marathon several years ago), but recently decided to get back in to it to regain some fitness/lose weight. I've been running for about 3-4 weeks now, and have gotten to doing 10k's fairly comfortably (Roughly 9min/mil pace). I'm doing 3 runs per week (One longish, and a couple of shorter ones)

I've read about doing recovery runs, but I've got nod idea how that actually works. If I go out and run deliberately slower I find my legs/joints feel like they're being jarred/jammed and just hurt, so then I extend my stride length and naturally end up back at the same pace as I would if I was out doing a "normal" run. Am I missing a trick here? Is it meant to be slower? I do have Garmin watch, so I do try to watch my pace and slow myself, but it feels awkward.

Any tips/advice would be greatly appreciated! Thanks =)

Do late-night runs mess with your recovery?

Because of my work schedule, I sometimes don’t get out for a run until 9 or 10pm. I actually love the quiet streets and cooler weather, but I’ve noticed I have a harder time falling asleep afterward. It makes me wonder if those late runs are helping or hurting in the long run. Do any of you run late at night, and if so, how do you manage recovery and sleep?

How much running is necessary for maintenance? Is it more important to keep total mileage the same, long run length the same, pace the same, or something else? Heat and humidity have finally started interfering with runs, and I don’t want to lose the progress I’ve made.

If it matters, I’ve been running 4x a week with most of those being 30-45 minute runs with one longer run (8-10 miles).

How to increase volume: more runs or longer runs?

Hi,

My weekly volume is around 35km currently. Typically, I would run 2-3x during the week around 7-10km and add a longer run on the weekend. 
My problem is that whenever I try to run back to back days for too long, I really start to feel my achilles/calves. I’m a tall, heavy guy and I only started running one year ago weighing significantly more than I do now. 

I would like to run more over the week and gradually get up to half marathon distance, but I have no clue how to pull it off. Run more frequently and deal somehow with sore calves/Achilles, or run every 2nd day, but longer? 

Thanks!

Training frequency vs. overall weekly mileage more important for first marathon?

For context, I'm training for my first marathon as a pretty novice runner. I'm about 13 weeks out from the race. I'm not running for any time goal, I just want to be able to say I've done it at least once. I'm 29F, and have been more a walker and weight lifter than a runner for most of my 20s. I still am strength training 3-4 days at this time, as well.

Right now I'm up to 14 miles for my long runs, using the 26.2 app by the company that does C25K as a guide. The program follows a walk/run/walk sort of structure during workouts, with the run time increasing and walk time decreasing gradually as the weeks go on. I haven't been following it to a T, just because yknow, life... but I've been doing 2-4 runs per week, anywhere between 15-30 mpw... but looking through some other plans I'm wondering if that's even good enough? I know I don't need to necessarily be running 60+ mpw, but a lot of the "low volume" runners seem to be hitting 30 mpw as a minimum.

My usual week is like:

Sunday- long run 10+ miles  
Monday- active recovery yoga/walking or rest  
Tuesday- strength  
Wednesday- strength, then run 4 or 5 miles  
Thursday- strength  
Friday- run 4-7 miles  
Saturday- either a rest day or strength

I'm wondering if I should be increasing how often I run throughout the week, at the 4-7 mile range, or if I should be increasing the overall distance in the few days I do run, so instead of 4-7 miles, maybe 7 miles *minimum* for the weekday runs.  
What is better to prioritize if I want to improve stamina and endurance overall to finish the full marathon?

Bulletproof lower legs

Let's hear everyone's methods for making your lower legs indestructible. I personally still struggle sometimes with classic overuse symptoms like shins splints or tenderness after runs but I've done a number of things to help combat these. Such as: 

\-Supplements: Vit D (my bloodwork showed I was low which is strange because I work outside), marine collagen, Vit C, Calcium

\-Exercises: tib raises, various plyometric exercises, quick repeated weighted jumps, and tip curls (band on toes, ankle across other knee as if folding your legs while sitting, and curling toes upwards towards sky). In addition, various single leg quad/hammy workouts like lunges and one legged RDLs

\-Stretches: rolling out the calves, elevating the toes and dropping down towards the heels, etc. 

I'm a bigger guy at 6'3 and 210 lbs and I come from a strength background, so running has never come naturally to me. But I'm working towards a sub 6 mile and training for distances in the 5k range, but have found in the past my weekly volume can be limited by sore lower legs. I've always been able to squat and lunge heavy weights but I've found I need to target the lower legs specifically to keep symptoms at bay. 

A lot of people likely have the same question so let's hear any additions people have for this question, or helpful resources for more reading. I don't think there is 1 magic bullet but a combination of methods can be used to reduce lower leg issues and run longer and faster.

What do you consider a PB?

I’m training for a virtual marathon at the end of May and I know that it will definitely beat my time from my first marathon of 5:17.33 (I didn’t train for hills, let alone the mountains in Seattle!! My poor knees...). Would you consider a run using your gps as a personal record or do you save those for your races?

Another example : I’ve put in an 11km tempo run where Strava notifies me that I beat my 5km PB within that run. Would you count it?

As long as you didn't stop the clock at any point I'd say it's fair enough to use a self measured course as a PR.  It will have some accuracy problems though so I'd take its results with a grain of salt.  (I had a 3:05 marathon that my gps watch insisted I'd covered the distance in 3:02)

But I think it's still good for some comparison.  At least until you have an official time at least close to that gps time.

Dropped my 10k PB by 90 seconds!

I started running July 2018... At the time I weighed in at 102ish KGs... Motivated by a friend who decided to sign up to the 10k at the Melbourne Marathon Running Festival that October. I decided that I could do that and signed up as well.
It was the first event I had ever entered and fueled by fear of embarrassing myself I started following the Couch to 10k program. I set myself the goal of finishing without having to stop and to try and complete the run in under an hour. The furthest I'd ever ran at that point was 6k in one hit and hadn't even done that for about 10-12 years.
The program went well and I completed the run in about 57 mins and was absolutely over the moon and proud of myself.

Fast forward to the 1st of March this year and I was doing a 10k race, the goal being to break 50 mins.. Since November I've had a coach setting my program and have improved in leaps and bounds and weigh in now at 83kgs...My PB at that point was 50.50... I have also completed 4 half marathons and for the last few months have been averaging 140ish kms a month.. Up from about 10..

I achieved my goal coming in at 49.30 but felt rubbish, really struggled the last 5k.. Didn't feel good at all and I was a bit annoyed as I knew I was in better shape than the run I'd put in... But also at the same time really happy to break 50 for the first time.

Yesterday my training program called 5k easy, 5k effort and then 2k easy to finish for a 12k run... The moment I saw the 5k effort I felt it was a PB waiting to happen if I approached it right. When I saw easy.. My program is set by HR so z2 for 5k, Z4 for 5... My Z2 or easy pace has improved greatly since I stared training properly to the point I was confident I could sit in my target HR and at 5.20ish pace for 5k, then aim for 4.30-4.40 pace the 2nd 5k and get myself positioned worst case to go harder the last k if needed to try drop my time.

Set off for my run yesterday and literally couldn't have had anything go better... Sat about 5.05 pace for 3 of my first 5k basically banking some time, then sat at about 4.33k pace the 2nd 5k... Coming in at 47.58 for 10k!!! Then cruised the last cpl to finish my 12 in the 59min mark. Unbelievably happy, this is how I wanted to feel after my race, this is what i thought I could produce.. And confidence wise I feel amazing. Also not sure today, feel fresh and great.. Nothing like I did last 10k I'd had a crack at.

So the question is, what is a genuine target that is achievable going forward? Am I dreaming to think that 45mins I can do?
And what is a realistic half marathon aim? My PB is 1:58:46...completed 12 months ago (confident I'll drop that when I want now) 

Apologies for the long story, but for context I felt it helped..

Just finished a marathon, in a PB time, without training for a marathon... Speed work the way to go?

As posted earlier in the week, I had a place at the Yorkshire marathon and was wondering what to do because I've not been training for one!

Since London in April, I spat my dummy out and couldn't motivated myself to do the latest round of training. So spurred on by a younger club mate, I've trained pretty much exclusively for 10k and 5k speed - weeks of 60-70 miles replaced by 30-40.

I still had the spot at the York marathon so I thought, I'll still do it but go naked and not use a watch. Just jog it!

I finished London in 2:50:04 and today, I crossed the line in 2:48:28! A minute and a half improvement! The speed training may have just kept me ticking over or there might have been endurance left from London? Either way, no longer runs and no high mileage but a better time?

Any thoughts?

Race report - London Marathon, massive PB of 2:54:51

*This is a [repost from my blog](http://runjames.co.uk/blog/races/monster-pb-at-london-marathon-2015-report/) which has a few extra photos and a little extra stuff (Reddit word count) but hope you enjoy this report.

After 4 months of solid but varied training it was time to find out just what I could do over 26.2 miles of packed London streets and if I could run below the 3 hour target I’d set.

The TL;DR - To spare you the fullest details of the brain dump of training, lessons, build up races and a million other things that are about to follow – I not only beat my 3 hour goal, I obliterated it with an official time of 2:54:51 for 26.8 miles of the course and the actual 26.2 was done in 2:51.

#The marathon plan

For the last couple of years, I’ve focused on and really enjoyed the discipline of trail ultra marathons and have run a variety of races from shorter 35 mile ones through to things like the Hardmoors 60 and Hardcastle 24 hour race and since I’ve begun improving as a runner I’ve also wanted to periodically run fast, flat road races to establish PB’s that you can’t on trail races so with that I entered and missed on the 2015 ballot for London.

However, as a member of Meltham AC our little club got a couple of places and I threw my name in there and was lucky enough to get a spot so in December shortly after the [White Rose Ultra](http://runjames.co.uk/blog/races/white-rose-ultra-2014-race-report/) had finished I decided London would be the A race for the first part of the year and I’d train on the roads, work on my pace and really make an effort to go Sub-3.

##Training by the book

I felt the best way to train despite living somewhere hilly would be to compromise on how much I love trail running and spend time running on the roads and my aim was to follow the [Pfitzinger 18/70 plan](http://www.amazon.com/Advanced-Marathoning-Edition-Pete-Pfitzinger/dp/0736074600)  as closely as possible as a guide as it sat roughly with where my fitness and mileage at the end of December 2014 were which was good and I felt it wouldn’t  be a massive stretch jumping over 18 weeks to a 70-ish mile peak week from the 45-50 I was on.

The biggest change would be swapping trail for road and my aim was to run the long runs at a good pace level because typically on trails it’s hard to run an even pace.

##Throwing away that book

I only lasted about 6 weeks before the utter lack of joy pounding the pavements started getting to me and my legs began to feel pretty sore and like they were being constantly tenderised so I took the decision to abandon the roads for much of my training and enjoy (and make the most of) the stunning moorland I live on because frankly if the training isn’t fun it’s a lot harder to do it!

##Key workouts & build up races

I’d hoped from January that I would also have the discipline to do one tempo session and a solid long run each week and then also – importantly – to run my other mileage easier than I used to.

I’m sure like many, I run my easy days too fast so I made a conscious effort to slow those runs by 30 seconds a mile and I think it helped but I also did a few key training sessions over the months to either boost confidence or provide a reality check.

###Key races:

Feb: [Dewsbury 10k](http://runjames.co.uk/blog/races/dewsbury-10k-2015-race-report) – 10k is a great base tester and I wanted to do one early in the training build up because I could use it as a realistic time predictor for the marathon and in the end ran a big PB of 36:34 which with 3 months to the marathon was a great indicator that Sub-3 wasn’t a crazy goal.

*March:* [Grizzly Race](http://runjames.co.uk/blog/races/grizzly-race-2015-dash-delerium/) – 20 miles & 4000ft of climbing over trail and clifftops in Devon. A great tester of outright strength and fitness and typically they say your Grizzly time is at least your marathon time and often slower due to the challenging course – Finished in the top 50 out of more than 1500 people in 2:51 – turned out to be pretty accurate!

*April:* parkrun – I’ve always used parkrun the week or two before a big race to provide a reality check of where I’m at so running a new PB at Huddersfield of 17:13 followed by finishing 1st at the challenging Blackhill parkrun a week told me I was as ready as I was going to be.

I never really ended up cranking out the consistent 60-70 mile weeks I wanted to but I tried to make the key workouts count and active sought out and ran hills when I was running. I only had a few weeks over 55 miles and managed a couple of runs of around 20 miles but the parkrun times told me I was fit and strong.

##Race plans

The plan initially was to find the 3 hour pacer, stand in front of them at the start and then hope I never saw them again. 2:59:59 would have been absolutely incredible to achieve for me and not having run a road marathon for 2 years since Manchester (3:36) I didn’t know how I’d fare running 6:52/mile pace for 26.2 as even in training I’ve not done any long runs so standard get to 20 and hang on it was …

I honestly can say I’ve never experienced anything like London. The sheer scale was something else – last Saturday I was stood in a farmers field at the start of a fell race with 86 other people. This weekend – 37,000 in the nations capital.

I think I was reasonably lucky to be in the first wave of massed runners eventually crossing the line about 30s after the elites so wasn’t too caught up in the throng but even so the first 3 or 4 miles was a case of dodging and weaving to keep any sort of pace as a lot of people clearly claimed a sub-3 places but were huffing and puffing after a mile so keeping out of trouble as bin bags and clothes were discarded after the cold wait for the start was important but I kept a reasonable pace.

I’d printed out a set of splits from 6:30 (just over 2:50) to 6:52 (2:59) and decided I’d set my watch to show average pace as well as current pace and basically look to keep it below 6:52 but I was going to try and get to halfway around 6:45 pace and if necessary slow down.

###Pre race

I don’t gorge on pasta the night before but I do usually opt for a simple pizza which has served me well and I know doesn’t upset my stomach and then the morning of the race I opt for no coffee or tea and just water to drink and a small bowl of porridge.

I also now make sure I have 2 immodium an hour or two before which helps settle any nervous stomach issues but also means I avoid the horror of portaloo visits before the off.

##GO, GO, GO!!! ADRENALINE POWER!!!!!!

There’s a couple of things training just can’t replicate:

* Nervous anxiety when trying to get a PB
* A massive crowd of people willing you around a course

I have never experienced this level of support and by god it makes a difference! In my case having decided to run by feel rather than be a total slave to the watch (I did still check it once or twice a mile) I was buzzing right from the off and feeling 10 foot tall and had a real spring in my stride.

I also went out quite a lot under my goal pace …

####0-5k (20:36 – Pace 6:37/mile)

There are so many people in this race, they start in 3 different places and while lucky to be reasonably near the front the sheer mass of people meant the first few miles were spent dodging around people to avoid dropping unnecessary time. Still, I managed avoid trouble and settle down quickly.

####5-10k – (Elapsed 41:23 – Pace 6:41/mile)

10k came and went in a flash, I’m not the most emotional person out there but honestly I was running with a lump in my throat well into the first 10k. The support was incredible. Barely looked at my watch, I knew the 3 hour pacer was behind by a decent margin already so I was looking around and enjoying the signs and cheering crowds still. Felt amazing.

Nutrition wise, I’d picked up water at each station and had a sip or two and at about 11k had my first Torq gel with the plan being to use the 3 I was carrying at about 7, 14 and 21 miles and hydrate with just water as I do in all my runs.

####10-15k – (Elapsed 1:01:54 – Pace 6:36/mile)

I always felt I could get to at least halfway comfortably and the miles really started ticking by at this point in a blur of cheering crowds and runners and I’d very much settled into the race now and decided to just run to comfort levels and must admit that I was starting to wonder how it was possible I feeling so good at this pace still.

####15-20k – (Elapsed 1:22:16 – Pace 6:33/mile)

As I don’t do much road racing, particularly half marathon and above, I had no real markers of how I’d fare at this sort of pace which is above what I’d likely run in trail races but at the risk of sounding boring this 5k flew past as well and to be honest I’m not sure I could have run much more even splits if I’d been glued to my watch so perhaps there’s a lesson to trust how I feel a little more in future.

###Half marathon

I hit the halfway point in 1:26:42 which was actually a PB for the distance for me. I’m going to have to find a local flat half and race that at some point, pretty sure I could run sub 1:20 there which was always an ambition too.

####Half – 25k – (Elapsed 1:42:40 – Pace 6:34/mile)

Going through the half feeling strong and with a few minutes wiggle room on 3 hours I finally started to think about pushing on and trying for my stretch goal of sub 2:55 which I knew from my pace chart was 6:40/mile and at this point I was still under that so carried on. One of the benefits of such a massive race is that there are always so many people ahead of you pulling you forward and giving you someone to aim for next which is really helpful.

####25-30k – (Elapsed 2:03:14 – Pace 6:37/mile)

Knowing you’re going to fade at some point when you’re running above your ability is always something you need to be aware might happen and I thought this stretch was key and I had another gel at 15 miles and as it turned out I ran some of my fastest miles in this stretch (6:22, 6:31, 6:26, 6:21).

I tried really hard to maintain my form running with my head up and tall throughout the race but kept doing constant mental checks every few minutes to try keep that form which is so helpful. I don’t exactly have the easy gait of Kipsang but it’s amazing what a difference just keeping your head up and running a little taller makes.

####30-35k – (Elapsed 2:24:02 – Pace 6:41/mile)

A Strava friend said the other day that he mentally split his Manchester marathon run into two “halves” of the first 20 miles and the last 6.2 and it’s an oft quoted cliche the “race begins at 20 miles” and I went storming through 20 and through Canary Wharf and past the iconic skyscrapers with 6:05, 5:59(!) and 6:21 miles but I had a scare to come around the corner..

I took my last Torq gel at about 19 miles but had picked up one of the Lucozade ones supplied by the race to carry just in case I needed a final kick.

####35-40k – (Elapsed 2:45:28 – Pace 6:53/mile)

At about 23 miles, I had a terrible stitch come out of nowhere. I honestly thought this was going to end my race at this pace. My breathing became laboured and short and although my legs still felt pretty good I really felt I was fading fast and had to slow temporarily because when I’ve had this in ultras it’s been because I’ve run too hard (yep!) and slowing off eases it enough to carry on and I was incredibly lucky it went after a few minutes when it could have gone either way.

Once I got my breathing back under control with a combination of slowing slightly and breathing in through my nose and out through my mouth, I took the last Lucozade gel with about 2 miles to go to see me through (it was grim, Torq gels are certainly vastly superior!) and it was under the flyover and out onto the final 2 miles along the Thames where the support and noise was incredible before the final turn at Big Ben and the longest 800m ever.

####40k – Finish – (Official finish time 2:54:51 – Average Pace 6:40/mile)

Ultimately, the final couple of km passed in a bit of a survival blur as I faded fast but tried my hardest to maintain form and focus counting down the markers from 800m to 600m to 400m and around that famous corner to see the finish in sight! I knew I’d smashed my goal and my stretch goal already as my watch had already ticked over the 26.2 mile distance because it was difficult to follow the official 26.2 mile racing line helpfully painted on the road for the elites so as I crossed the line I stopped my watch at 2:55 flat but the distance read 26.77 miles – half a mile over!

I was thrilled!

That meant that although my official time was 2:54:51, when I put the run on Strava, I actually covered 26.2 miles in 2:51!! Smashed it!!

* [View the run on Strava](https://www.strava.com/activities/london-marathon-epic-day-out-293189197?utm_campaign=ride_share&utm_content=404564&utm_medium=widget&utm_source=runjames.co.uk)

##Support and organisation

Nothing short of incredible. I’ve never experienced anything like it and as someone who was a bit blase about doing London or a similar sized city marathon I can’t say how much I enjoyed the experience and how much I’m sure that support contributed to the adrenaline fuelled PB.

As you’d expect from 35 years of running it, the organisation was superb. I got my kit bag immediately and it was full of nice goodies and a quality medal and tech tee from Adidas. Bit disappointing to see race photos are £20 each though to be honest.

##Kit

I opted for Brooks Pure Flow, New Balance shorts and my club vest and just carried the 3 gels from Torq.

I did take a bit of a gamble on the shoes to be honest. I know they’re great for 5 and 10k races and I’ve trained in them for longer runs but I find because the toe box is very wide I do get blistering happen occasionally on the inner side of my foot so I did plaster up on the area but when I eventually got over the finish line to inspect, the biggest blood blister I’ve seen was there which means that’s the longest run these shoes will ever do now.

##The future

I never for a minute thought I’d be able to cover a marathon in 2:51 but I did it and did it training on the hills and trails rather than the roads whenever possible and I didn’t get the long 20+ mile runs done that I really wanted and I’d hoped to be running more like 70+ mile weeks regularly so there’s a lot of scope to expand training on a weekly basis still.

The next A race for me is going to be the Hardmoors 60 in September but I’ve secured a Good For Age for next year in London so I think that’s something I’d definitely look at doing again.

I laughed when my friend Matthew Pierson suggested with the right training I might be able to run 2:45 but looking at this performance and back over the training I honestly feel I could make that a genuine target for the future.

What a race, what an experience.

22 Months ago i was obese who hated the mirror, 18 months ago i ran a PB of 30:15 in 5k, This week i ran a sub 20 5k,19:44.

It's a bit bizarre to think back, I've done a lot of self reflecting the past week or so now that i start to think about how far I've come in terms of personal growth and how far I've come with running. Crazy to think 2-3 years ago i used to frequent this sub reddit in hopes to get back into running, but felt so hopeless as i was so heavy and it just felt incredibly painful to run. I went from nearly 100 kg to 62 kg in a year.

Last week i achieved 100 km of running in a single week and i shed a tear for how fortunate i am to run without worry, no injury, and no pain whatsoever. I teared up, because it wasn't always like this, it used to hurt bad, really badly to the point where i would chafe up a couple of km in a walk as i used to be obese, it hurt, and it bled.

Never in a million years would i have imagined to be capable of running a sub 20 5k this year, nor run a 100 km in a single week. Hell even early this year i was still losing weight, so i wasn't even focused on running completely. I had simple goals for 2019, but i far exceeded them, and i'm incredibly happy to be capable of running.

Here is the sub 20 5k run that i had, Strava: https://www.strava.com/activities/2924276441 I reckon that it could have been a much faster 19 minute 5k run, as i had a few hiccups for the prep and during the run on the final 1 km the laces on my right shoe came off, but i gave it hell.

2019 is about to end, and i have new and more amazing goals for 2020. What kind of goals did you guys and girls achieve in 2019?

I've read that the most efficient way to run a race is a negative split. Does this only apply to longer distances, or is this still effective for a 5k? How much faster should the second half be than the first?

Most elite runners will tell you that anything above 800m it is best to run negative splits. I think this also applies to the average runner as well though. I've seen sooo many people sprint out the beginning half of their race, only to fade hard and struggle at the end. And then they think they're not fit, didn't do enough training, etc. When more often than not, if they would have just gone out more conservatively, it would have resulted in a much more pleasant (and faster) experience.

Why do negative splits matter?

Let’s say I’m running a 5k. What’s wrong with running 6:30 min/7 min/ 7:30 min splits for the first 3 miles, rather than 7:30/7/6:30 min splits? Is that just oversimplifying it?

I just find if I go for negative splits I end up running a bit scared/overly cautious and take it way too slow to start. Then, when I might actually have the leftover energy at the end because I started slow, I feel like it’s harder to dig that out at the end given that my adrenaline and motivation is lower than the start of the run. 

I hope that makes sense!

Edit: I promise my 5k mile paces are not actually that dispersed! I gave those examples for easy math, but I can see how it’s throwing people off. We can say 6:30/6:35/6:40 instead

It's just more likely you'll hit your goal pace for most people. Makes sure you have something left in the tank & means you've got more control of the race.

Any advice for successfully negative splitting in a marathon?

How much do you plan to split? Do you basically plan paces for the first half and then slightly faster for the second half? Any other ways to try it? I’m going into my third marathon this fall and hoping to avoid hitting the wall due to going out too fast. Any advice is appreciated!

Good hack that I've learned is to not get stressed out in the first few miles when everyone is literally still running shoulder to shoulder. You can lose a whole minute or two off your pace there, but unless you're an ultra-athlete, it's really no big deal. It's a long race.

I'll usually be behind pace by mile 5, back on pace through mile 18ish, and then have a little energy in store to turn it up a notch through the last 10k plus. It's still a hard fight, but I feel like conserving energy in the beginning by just going with the flow helps my mental state a lot. It's kind of the natural way to negatively split a race.

First marathon. No wall. Negative split.

Race Information
  
Name: Klaipeda Hope Marathon
  
Date: May 21, 2021
  
Distance: 42,2km
  
Location: Klaipeda, Lithuania
  
Website: https://www.viltiesbegimas.lt/
  
Time: 3:44:00
  
Goals
  
GoalDescriptionCompleted?
  
AFinishYes
  
BSub 4:00:00Yes
  
CSub 3:40:00No
  
Splits
  
5,3km LapTime
  
100:28:37
  
200:28:00
  
300:27:45
  
400:27:47
  
500:27:48
  
600:28:07
  
700:28:14
  
800:27:42
  
Training
  
   Hello there. Decided to share my first marathon results. It will act like my diary entry for future me and I hope maybe someone will find something useful. I sure did while reading your race reports. It helped me a lot.

  Little bit about me - 35 year old male, 190cm height/85kg weight. Running a bit over 2 years now. But I always was decently active. Have a wife and little 2 year old kid. So only early or very late runs.

   For first marathon I took Pfitzingers 18/55 plan. From first glance it looked like challenging plan but at the same time easy to follow. And sure I did enjoy it. Before this plan I was running around 40-50km per week, last 2 months before Pfitz plan increased my mileage to 55-60km per week.

  Did all workouts according to plan except couple. Cut one long run of 32km in half and changed one 23km long run to 15km trail run which kicked my arse so good, that I had to reduce my workouts for several days. Also skipped one full week in the beginning - got a cold. Wasn't worried too much - it was only base building phase. Also I was working out 3 times every 2 weeks. Usually full body workouts as simple as it can get - pushups, pullups, core workouts and squats. During last month reduced my workout intensity. Peak mileage was 90km per week. Longest run - 33km.

   One important thing though - My initial plan was sub 3:30, but after 26km long run including 16km at marathon pace decided to do some adjustments - will be happy with sub 3:40. Workout went decently, clocked 4:55-5:00min kilometers, but when I was cooling down after that workout for 6km... it was hardest 6 minute kilometers in my life. Never ending. Painful. Scary. Until now I believe it was best decision I made during this training block. To slow down.

   Also I want to say that I put a lot of effort to my sleep and nutrition. Clocked 7,5-8h of sleep every night. First 2 months was eating a bit too much while training - gained around 5kg of weight. During next 2 months I started to clean my diet, less fats - more protein. Lost around 6kilos very slowly and controlled. During last month I was keeping my weight just steady to avoid injuries.

   During long runs and some longer mid-week workouts always had some gels and was training to take them and to reflect how I feel. During one 30+km run I took 2 gels and it was for sure too few. Adjusted a bit during next long run. Almost never took any gels during less then 20km runs, just because it was a bit too expensive. Dialed up to take a gel every 40 minutes - seemed that it worked best for my marathon pace.

   A bit about shoes. For marathon training block I got Asics Novablast3 TR, got around 900km of them - very happy. Later for last couple months of training there were more speedy workouts, sooooo it started. Got New Balance Fresh Foam More V3's dirty cheap, got Nike Vaporfly 2 - my first carbon shoes dirty expensive. Oh man they felt weird at first. Wasn't sure about them for full marathon, got my hand on Saucony Endorphn pro 3's. Did a 10k time trials in both. Was faster in Endopro3 and I believe they were more forgiving. Also did 23km at marathon pace in them - just to be sure. No problems at all, felt a bit too narrow, but I was confident they will take me to the end. Its decided.

Pre-race
  
   Last week before race I was drinking more water, but kept sleep and nutrition patterns same. Last couple weeks did several runs in my final kit so I was almost confident in it - packed everything I need night before the race. In the morning again - my main goal was to eat same breakfast as always - oatmeal with scoop of protein powder and cup of coffee (I might be weird but that it is my breakfast already 3 years, every single morning. I love it.) and most important thing - to take a good ol' DUMP. Everything worked perfect. Got to race line 40 min before (got my number couple days earlier - I work in the same city). Did 1km warmup, very slowly just to get my heartrate up. Took 1 gel 5 minutes before start. And just when counting started - I got a bit emotional. I knew it will be a legendary battle with myself. And I didn't knew which myself will win... Cause some doubt got to me - it was getting really HOT. 19 Celsius already, not a sign of a cloud, and its still only morning.

  
Race
  
   I wrote my splits in laps. Race was 8 laps. Each lap - 5,3km. So it begins. My plan - plain and stupid as a brick - first couple kilometers slower, next 40 - steady pace. That should give me chance to negative split. And boy did I commit to it. My mantra was - on your own pace, on your own pace. So if I was faster then runner before me - I was painfully slowly overtaking them - at my own pace. If there was a runner catching up with me - I was letting them by - at my own pace. It took some patience and dedication not gonna lie. 
  First lap - first scare. During first lap I felt little stich, wasn't sure why. So just focused on my breathing. Maybe warmed up too little. 
  Second lap - everything started to get better. Was drinking at every water station - every 2,65km. 
  Lap 3 - 4 - nothing interesting. Just repeating my mantra, hydrating, getting gel every 40'ish minutes.
  After half marathon - got a bit surprised, almost all runners around me disappeared. Well that's a bummer. Most of them were running half. One runner ahead 50 meters, one behind, and that's it. And occasional rocket runner overtaking me by lap.
  Lap 5-6 again - nothing notable. Was dedicated to my pace, drinking water (now was taking 2 cups instead of 1). Temperature got up to 24 Celsius. And my mantra started to change a bit. From "on your own pace" to "the WALL is comming?" I read about it so much. I was positive I can avoid it if I will be patient, but heat started to get to me. And my mind. But if my mantra is a question - everything is fine. Not yet. So my mantra changed to: "on your own pace. not yet. not yet".
  7th lap. This is where I was thinking couple weeks before race - If I will feel okey'ish around 32-35km maybe I should start to push a bit. But not today. Not yet. Wasn't feeling too much pain, but sun was scorching. So - back to my stupid plan - keep same pace. Started to pick up some runners. Several guys walking. One getting help from crowd to hobble to sidewalk. Sh*t. That doesn't give any confidence. But not yet. On your own pace.
  Last lap. Longest fricking rubber'y kilometers. BUT. Not as long as those 6minute kilometers which I mentioned earlier during my training block. I got this. On your own pace. Not yet. 40km mark passes. And I start to think about home. I feel that I started to make faces can't hide it anymore, don't care too much. I just want to get home ASAP. New mantra - lets go home. Home is that way. Where finish line is. Last 200 meters I start to sprint. My mantra - NOW! I don't know where that come from, but I was running towards finish line and smiled. My wife is there, my kid is there, my brother too. No wall. On my own pace for almost 4 fricking hours, I was patient. I can go home now.
  
Post-race
  
  Forgot to stop my watch. Saw the race clock - 3:43:5x. Very happy about this. Several seconds after finish I was a bit wobbly and dizzy. Got my medal, bottle of water. Sat down under the tree, even there it was HOT. Wasn't out of breath or anything, just wooden legs. Got home. Drank sh*tload of water after couple hours started to eat. Took a short nap. My watch says 3:38:16. There was some controversy that route is a bit too long, but honestly I don't care much about time. I started with time goal, but learned and got much more then time.
   During second year of my running I did 3 training blocks. All failed. Not miserably, but I didn't get my times. After every race - I was repeating - last time, why I am doing this, never again. But I always came back. This year I changed one thing - after race I don't say never again. I smile, no matter what result I got. And you know what - This year I got PB's in 5k, 10k and finished my first marathon. No wall, negative split of whole whooping 9 seconds. Very happy, thank you and sorry for such long post. Good luck to all of you guys. On your own pace.
  
P.S. Only during this training block I truly understood what is recovery pace. It is SLOW. Even slower than that... Peace.
 
First marathon at 265lbs, help avoiding the wall

There are rumors that you can avoid the wall. I’m not sure if it’s fact or fiction. I want to believe.  I can totally see how finishing a marathon without a wall could be euphoric.  My euphoria is starting to kick in… the farther away from the marathon I get. 

Feel free to provide any advice you have for a Clydesdale-sized runner wanting to learn how to avoid the wall. Let me know if you see any flaws in my training, nutrition, or strategy.  Did I need more carbs during the race?   Hindsight makes me think I took in the carbs of a much smaller person during the race.

Thanks for your guidance!


Background: I ran my first marathon last week at 265lbs. My time was 4:54:15. My goal was 4:35 with a 10:30min/mile pace.  I also ran my first half marathon in July at 2:01:41 and a 9:16 pace.  I felt the 10:30 pace for the full marathon was achievable. I was wrong. 

My marathon:  the first 15 miles went great.  I averaged a 10:20 mile pace with a heart rate in the mid- 160s.  I felt really good during this time. Between miles 15-19, I watched my pace as I knew the inevitable wall was looming. I could feel my heart rate elevate while doing to same amount of work. At mile 19, the wall came.  I slowed to a 10:45 pace with a heart rate of 183.  I had a “wall” plan. Walk for one minute and run for two minutes. The last 7 miles were a deep pain cave. I didn’t enjoy it at all. All I could think is, why the F do people do this? 

My Training: I’m a larger guy, 6’3”, but found the training for the marathon rewarding.  The mid-runs (8-16 miles) were euphoric.  It was a great feeling of accomplishment without a huge deal of weekend fatigue. The longer runs (+17) were a pain. No matter how much I carb-loaded, hydrated, slept, stretched, etc., I always hit a wall at 15-16  miles on long runs.  The weekend fatigue was a drag as I’ve got two small kids and felt like a bum.  I was very consistent in my training. I started in April for an October marathon. My longest run was 20.5. I only missed one three-mile run during training. 


My nutritional plan:  For the marathon, I carb-loaded three days prior with a goal of 900g a day. On the day of the race, I took a scratch labs hyper hydration, ate three plain bagels, and drank lots of water. During the marathon, I used Nuun electrolytes, drank lots of water, and took maurten gel 100 every 30 minutes.   I alternated between caff and non-caff.

Try slowing down a bit more at the beginning. You can't hold that pace for the full 26, so try to wait till further into the race to speed up. The more marathons you do, you will get a better understanding of your pacing. Also keep at the training and work on your base building. If you try to keep your heart rate lower at the beginning of the race that will prevent you from hitting the "wall" further along.

The wall never hit: A Hansons method success story

I was writing up some notes from my recent marathon, and figured I'd post here since I see there's a lot of interest in the Hansons method. Hope this is interesting and helpful to anyone who's thinking about it.

**Some background:**

I've run a bunch of half marathons before, and one full: NYC in 2019. It was brutal. I completely tanked in the last 6 miles. Full body cramps, nausea, almost barfed in front of 100 spectators, etc but I did manage to trudge across the finish line. I had a goal of 3:30 and ended up finishing in 3:47.

This year, I was ready to give it another shot, and had heard great things about the Hansons method from a very knowledgeable coworker.

**The method:**

I used the advanced plan with a time goal of 3:20. This was a pretty arbitrary goal, roughly based on how I've performed in previous half marathons (PR of around 1:30). I figured the time goal was a moving target, and I'd adjust it based on how training was going.

I followed the plan pretty much to the letter, except for a handful of workouts in weeks 9/10 that I missed due to a bad cold.

The high mileage weeks were *exhausting*, and I found the early speed workouts to be especially difficult. I felt like I was consistently on the brink of over-exhaustion, but never to the point where I felt injured or like I needed time off. My legs were always beat but I always felt good enough to complete the workouts. I think this is a major testament to the plan.

I ate gels during the longer workouts so my body could get accustomed to it, and prioritized getting decent sleep. I incorporated regular strength training from [this book](https://www.velopress.com/books/quick-strength-for-runners/), which I'm a big fan of. I didn't make any major dietary changes (I eat reasonably well as is).

**The race:**

I ran Chicago, and was excited about the flat course. The weather was gross — super humid and in the mid 70s. Overall I felt extremely well prepared going into the race. The plan had gotten me into a place where I was running on auto-pilot and feeling like a machine.

I ate gels according to this [interesting study](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4045035/) (much more than I ate in 2019). I tried out this approach during training runs to make sure it agreed with my system. I also drank 2 or 3 cups of water at every station (like I said it was humid as shit). I think lack of hydration was a major problem in my first marathon.

I fell into my goal pace and kept remarkably consistent splits, finishing in 3:19 (1:40 half marathon, with a little sprint for the last mile). I felt great the whole time. It's hard to overstate how different this was from my first marathon.

**Thoughts:**

The plan really made me a believer. Next time, I'm going to be a little more flexible with my goal time. I want to try out different pace targets and find one that feels right, rather than picking an arbitrary pace and sticking to it so doggedly. Maybe I'll also try to be more intentional with nutrition. Otherwise, no real critiques. The race went almost eerily according to plan and was very enjoyable.

Strategies for getting past "the wall" when it hits during a race?

I have a mile race coming up tonight, and my biggest challenge is always somewhere in the third lap, where my legs usually start to give out suddenly.

I'm wondering if anyone has tips on how to fight that feeling of your legs becoming heavy and your pace dipping?

"The wall" is typically used to describe glycogen depletion. The body has a good 1-2hrs of glycogen stores, you're not "'hitting the wall" in a mile long race.

What you're describing is lactate buildup as you become anaerobic and acidosis sets in. Essentially you start creating more lactate than your body can clear, leading to "that feeling in your legs becoming heavy".

The most common advice given to improve anaerobic threshold is the threshold/tempo run. There's endless articles on the subject, good luck.

"The Wall" (illustrated) and how I hit it

I ran my first marathon last Saturday. I had trained for it and I had a lot of fun running it. The event celebrates the production of the new wine in that region of France, a lot of people are disguised (there was a guy running as Jesus with a fucking 3kg/7lb cross on his back), and yes, you can drink wine at the aid stations. I did not. However, I did hit the wall (and felt like death for a moment). 

I thought I could share my own personal illustration of it, for everyone to see, [so here it is](http://i.imgur.com/wbEe1ur.png).

The graph speaks for itself: just note how the slowest split is done on the steepest part of the run ... :) 

So please don't do that. Start slow. Especially when you *know* that you'll have to go over a **100m ~~hill~~ wall at km 35**.

[Happy running!](http://i.imgur.com/UWVQnMr.jpg)

The wall is real. It's the hardest thing to explain to someone who, after finishing a half marathon, says they'd like to try a full. They definitely should, but it's hard to explain that running a full marathon is not the same as just running two half marathons. It's so much harder.

How do you personally tell the difference between “push through it” pain and “stop now” pain

“Let pain be your guide” has always been a common saying for running and recovery, but everyone is different. I’m curious what that looks like for everyone

It’s not uncommon for me to have a little soreness when I first start running and maybe some ache/tightness until mile 2. If the pain hasn’t gone away by mile 3 I’ll start to consider calling it and walking back depending if it’s gotten worse. Ultimately my goal each run is to not hurt myself. 

Pushing speed or distance is one thing, but doesn’t mean much if I can’t walk the next day.

There is a difference between pain and soreness and it takes time for a runners to be familiar enough with their body to know the difference.  In general, if it is sharp and/or forces me to change my form/gait, then it is time to back off and not push through it.  Dull pain/discomfort, I can usually push through and typically it will fade or go away once I get moving enough.

What are you relative pain ratings for the main distance events?

5k, 10k, Half Marathon, Full Marathon.

Which hurt the most, which hurt the least, which just hurt different?

I'd personally put marathon most painful, 5k behind. Then 10k. Then half marathon least painful. The marathon bonk is brutal, the uncomfy pace that's impossible to settle into for 5k is hard too. 21k and 10k feel like more comfortable distances for me overall. Love running though, honestly my fav sport snd I'd never stop doing it : )

What does everyone think?

10k is the absolute sweet spot for me of just too fast, for just too long. 5k you just tear through then it’s over, short and exhilarating. Half marathon you can chill a bit more and enjoy yourself, but not have to crawl to get it done.

10k starts out fun but I am DONE by the end of it

Has anyone here started running regularly WITHOUT losing weight? 

I currently weigh around 200 lbs and am bulking to like 220 (bodybuilding/power lifting or whatever you want to call it)

I used to run pretty regularly, however I just went for a run then and could barely clock 3 kms. Want to work myself up to doing 10km in an hour.

Has anyone here successfully "started" running without losing weight?


You can ruin a 4 hour calorie burning long run in a 5 minute stop thru the drive true.

Running everyday does not mean automatic 'marathon's body, the same why you know that just because you lift heavy weights during the week it does not mean you will look like Ronney Coleman.

The misconception goes both ways.

Running after weight gain

Over the last year - two years I have put on about 30+ pounds. Without dropping the embarrassing number of my weight, my BMI is probably about 31, so I am in the process of dieting. Prior to my weight gain I was running somewhere in the 40-60 (if not more) and racing once a month with a half marathon once or twice a year. 

During my weight gain I stopped running and I am working on getting back into it. I miss it and need it again - not even for the weight loss and maintenance. But I’m slow, and it hurts. 

What are you recommendations for training and getting back into it? Do I need to start from scratch with a C25k type session? I can still run 30+ minutes, but with the weight gain I’m don’t want to hurt myself. I’ve never ran at this weight, so I’m not sure what the best option is. Any help, advice or just general support is extremely helpful!!! 

TLDR: 30+ pound weight gain, want to run more again without hurting myself while I diet and lose weight. NEED ADVICE 🐋

The Impact of Foam Rolling

Earlier this week I did barbell squats, another day I did kettlebell swings, and then the next day ran at a fast 10k and 5k pace during my team’s run club practice. So on the following day after all that, I practically couldn’t walk. This wasn’t the first time I’d put myself into this situation; I’ve been having trouble balancing leg workouts and kettlebell workouts with my running. But this time around the soreness was awful; I nearly couldn’t walk, and was hobbling around my apartment. 

So I ordered a foam roller. It came in the mail within a day (I woke up still unable to walk without feebleness). As soon as it arrived I dropped everything I was doing and rolled out my glutes, thighs and quads. Just five minutes of foam rolling removed at least 60% of the pain. I foam rolled the same areas a few more times that day, during short breaks while working. By the time the workday was over, at least 70%, if not 80% of the pain was gone, and I was able to go for a run.

If you’re struggling with muscle soreness and feel like the fatigue is piling up faster than you can recover, and it’s hindering your workouts / progress, TRY FOAM ROLLING!

I think of it as condensing all of the soreness pain into a shorter period of time.

Is foam rolling the best way to keep my calves (and Achilles) from tightening up and causing pain the longer I run?

When you foam roll, how badly does it typically hurt?

I've been foam rolling my quad and it hurts excruciatingly- I'm not sure what that entails. I want to cry out in pain. Granted I have just stared foam rolling and I've heard it will hurt less and less. I don't know if it is hurting so bad because it is such a tight muscle, or what.

Foam Roller or Massage Gun

Would love to know the community's take on when they use each and if there are benefits and cons with each comapred to the other. Thank you.

I have both and use them for very different purposes, personally.  Foam roller is great for stretching what I see as "big" muscles -- calves, quads, hamstrings, glutes.  Massage gun is better for targeting specific areas that are sore.  I use mine a lot for my feet, hips and back.  Foam rollers are so cheap that if you're buying a massage gun, there's no reason not to grab an amazon basics roller too.  EDIT:  If you're just getting one, though, foam roller is the easy pick.  Cheaper and more utility for running imo.

I now worship at the alter of foam rolling

I started running when lockdowns first hit, and went from an overweight couch potato who couldn’t run half a mile to running a 5k (albeit a slow one). However, I kept having this persistent knee pain after running so I decided to take up swimming instead. Stretching before and after didn’t seem to help, changing shoes didn’t help. I went to different doctors, to trainers and they all recommended cross training until I figure out what’s causing the pain. 

And then I discovered foam rolling. Oh happy day. I rolled out my quads and IT bands really good before going on a run and the knee pain has been gone ever since. I still definitely prefer swimming as my cardio, but it’s so nice to have the option of going on a run with my friends and knowing it won’t cause me pain for days after. 

(Also, somewhat unrelated: Am I being too self-critical when I have to walk for a minute between mile splits and I feel like I’m cheating? I can swim for an hour straight, but trying to run 3 miles straight kills me. It’s almost like if I take a walk break I don’t feel like I ran 3 miles).

Something you used to run with/bought for running, that you don’t use anymore?

Inspired by the “something you didn’t use previously that you now run with” thread. Is there any running stuff you bought that turned out to be inessential and you don’t use for runs anymore?

Anti recommendations I guess.

Handheld bottle — thought it would be sweet but makes me feel off balance and clunky. Much prefer a belt or vest.

About 40 lbs of fat.

What Are Strides? Why You Need to be Running Strides

strides are critical for increased flexibility and power that is needed to increase air time in normal stride. But it is often ignored,  single legged bounding as a warm up before workouts is also good for increasing power that is offered through striding, and is good to incorporate into your routine. However, not for people who desire and need low impact exercise

Strides. How?

I'm a very slow middle aged female runner trying to learn to run faster / with better form. Currently I'm trying the Jack Daniels white training plan (4 days a week, very low mileage, maybe 15mpw) with intent to move into his red plan next (adding a day for 5 days a week), then start ramping up for a fall marathon (not using Daniels' marathon plans... which are way out of my league). I'm in white phase IV, which incorporates strides into each workout.

Everyone seems to just assume that everyone else knows how to do strides - Daniels doesn't explain them either - so I figured there must not be much to them. Videos online make it look like you just run really fast for a bit. But they really take it out of me. I strained my quad doing strides the day of the third workout. Obviously I'm doing something wrong.

Strides are probably the first time in my life that I've ever legitimately tried to sprint (I'm asthmatic and was basically advised against exercise as a child) so I'm not terribly surprised that I managed to hurt myself. I'm wondering if doing them every workout is perhaps a bad idea for my particular situation. 

So... How do you decide how far to run strides? How do you decide how fast to run them? How do you decide how often to do them? How many to do? Is there a customary way to ease into them?

Gradual acceleration to around 90%, hold it for a few counts, gradual deceleration to a stop/jog. They are not meant to be taxing or a workout and they definitely are not a dead sprint.

Message to old me: Follow the advice and do your stride 3-4 times per week

I’m two weeks into a new training cycle and have more diligently added strides about 4 times per week - tacking on the end of easy runs and after my warm up on a workout day.  

Man.   What an extreme difference - I can feel the impact on my leg and hip strength already.  I had done them randomly before and ignored all the times a plan suggested then.  But they make an enormous difference I wish I had been doing them forever.  

Wish I could go back in time to let myself know that.

EDIT: here are two excellent pieces on strides


https://www.trailrunnermag.com/training/trail-tips-training/why-and-how-to-run-strides-to-improve-speed-on-the-trails

https://strengthrunning.com/2012/10/what-are-strides/

How to Train Like a Pro: Part 2 - The Fartlek Workout

###What is a Fartlek?
Fartlek means, “speed play” in Swedish.  It’s a workout that combines hard and medium running.  An example fartlek would be 4 x 3 on / 2 off.  This means that you would run hard for three minutes, then medium for two minutes, and repeat that four times for a total of 20 minutes.  

###Could you be a little more specific?

Contrary to popular belief, the most important portion of the fartlek is the “off” portion.  The goal of the fartlek is to include periods of fast running while keeping an elevated heart rate the entire time.  That being said the first portion of the workout to focus on is the “off” portions.  They should be at maintenance run (normal run) pace.  If you find that after a hard section that you can not sustain maintenance run pace for the entirety of the “off” portion then the pace for the “on” portions needs to be slowed.  Once you can continually complete the “off” sections at normal run pace then you can start speeding up the pace of the “on” portions.

###Where do I do a fartlek?
Fartleks are meant to be continuous efforts, there is no stopping, shuffling, or jogging involved.  Thus a location must be chosen with this in mind.  Hills are fine for this workout as it is effort and time based workout.  Soft surfaces are great for this workout.

###How do I know if I’m going the right speed?
While the goal of the workout is to be at 95% effort level, this workout will be tiring when done correctly, you will not be at 95% immediately.  The first few “on” sections will be difficult, but done right, your pace on the them will be negative throughout the workout.

###I don’t think I did it right.
That’s ok.  You’ll have plenty of opportunities to practice fartleks.  The idea is to figure out what went wrong and to try to avoid it in the future.  The biggest thing to work on is the keeping the “off” portions at maintenance run pace and then working towards negative spliting the “on’s” (each mile is equal to or faster than the one before). 

&nbsp;
&nbsp;

####-Christo Landry

Coach for runners of all ability and experience levels

Former 25km American Record Holder & other stuff

What are fartleks and how do they improve running?

/Fart translates too speed and leks too play(playing)/games. Fartleks is Swedish by the way.

Its like Anuglyman describes. So its basically combining our run with little games and exercises.

I think its must for making your run more fun. But it will also help with cardio and can be a good way of getting an upper body workout into your run.

Side note. I’m from Denmark and fart also means speed in Danish. So when our police does routine fartkontrol, its gets a lot of giggles from foreigners.

How does one determine the race pace/time?

44M, new to running. I have been reading books by Matt Fitzgerald and Jack Daniels, and following the former's 10K plan based on intensity zones.

I would like to know how one determines the goal pace/time for a given race, given a few initial conditions like previous a 10K race time and the ability to follow through with a 12 or 18-week training program.

This part is surprisingly and frustratingly missing, or glossed over as something of an art form, in the books I have read. I realize that it might not be an exact science, but there surely must be a method to arrive at a rough estimate for a goal pace. The one place where this is relatively well defined is in the book "Brain Training for Runners" by Fitzgerald where he lists down target pace levels (TPLs, i.e., expected finish times based off Daniels' performance equivalence formulas) for various races and fitness levels and states that with good training, one would expect to improve one fitness level for each month of training.

To be clear, I am not asking for a prescriptive formula to gather a race pace that I need to stick to on race day. I just need a method to target a goal pace and work around it, given one's initial fitness levels and a general 12 or 18-week training plan that has been worked through. Or, any other considerations that make sense.

Training at race pace

Hey everyone! So, I have been struggling with something over the past couple of months...

I have heard for years that you shouldn't train at your race pace (minus speed work) because you will get burnt out or injured.

My thought is, if you consistently run at your race pace, won't running at that pace start to feel easier and when it is actually race day, you might be able to run faster?

I haven't officially tried this, but after 9 half marathons I am starting to try and tinker with my training. I'm only a 3-4 days a week runner for 12-20 miles a week so I'm trying to maximize my time on the roads. I don't feel that I run often enough to get injured by running at my race pace.

Thoughts would be appreciated!

Edit: Thank you everyone for your insight. This has given me a lot to consider. After my half marathon this Sunday, it looks like I have to change my training schedule.

I’m HORRIBLE at pacing myself during a race. Please help me race better!!

Backstory: I took up running during the pandemic and have been consistent with it for a couple years now. Trained somewhat consistently for a half marathon last year. Wanted sub-2:00 but was not in sub-2:00 shape. Came in at 2:16, but I KNOW I could have done at least sub 2:10 if it weren’t for the fact that I went out wayyyyyyy too fast. I’m talking my first couple miles were MINUTES faster than they needed to be. And the thing is I KNEW not to go out too fast.

I’ve decided I want to run a full marathon next fall, and as part of my year-long build up, I want to get better at racing. I ran a 5k race recently, and while I was content with my time (26:19), I went out too fast again. My last mile was a minute slower than my first…

In both races, the psychological effect of getting passed in the second half really got to me. To the point that I almost quit. I feel like it’s soooooo hard to focus on running my own race when I’m surrounded by people. I’m very competitive by nature, so I think this is the hardest part for me.

Aside from tips on how to overcome this psychological aspect of racing, I’m curious how I should go about pacing myself? I listened to music during my half marathon but didn’t have my watch telling me my splits. During the 5k, I listened to music and had my watch set to tell me my pace at each mile. I literally thought I was going soooooo slow the first mile (seriously thought it was in the 10 minute range), so when my watch said “8:03”, I was SHOCKED.

My questions are:

Do you recommend listening to music while racing? I find that music can help hard effort feel easier, but it can also keep me from being in tune with my bodily cues of how hard I’m going.

Do you recommend tracking your pace or just going by feel? If going by pace, how do you decide what pace to go at? What if it feels “wrong” during the race? How often do you check your pace?

I have a 5 mile race on Thanksgiving, and I’m determined to do it right! My goal is sub-45, and I’m trying to decide on music or no music and if/how often to check my pace. Would ideally like to run the first mile or two a little over a 9:00 pace and then speed up gradually in the last three.

All advice appreciated! Racing just feels so different from my training runs and speed work where it’s just me. I’m also wanting to run another half marathon in the spring.

Thanks!

Update:

I did it!! Thanks so much for all the suggestions!

Splits were 9:29, 9:15, 9:25, 9:19, and 8:49

Not sub-45, BUT I did NOT account for the fact that the race had 300 feet of elevation gain 😅 I’m visiting my family in Tennessee and am used to fairly-flat Wisconsin lol. (For context, the 5k where I PRed, my elevation gain was 7 ft lol)

I used the Apple Workout app to alert me if my pace dipped below 9:20 or above 9:00. Figured I would try to run the first two miles in that range and then pick up the pace if I felt like I could later in the race. Also set the app to alert me if my heart rate crept into zone 5. The hills definitely kept me from speeding up, but I felt like I had a bit of a push in me the last mile, especially as I had been trailing someone most of the race and really wanted to pass them. Not my fastest race, but this felt good and strong. And looking at my heart rate data, I think I was right where I needed to be. Started at the very back of the pack and did not listen to music. I think both those things kept me from going out too fast! Got an alert about a quarter mile in that my pace was above the range I indicated, so I definitely would have gone too fast without the alerts.

Overall, I feel like this was great practice for pacing a race in general. Will see how things go for the half marathon in the spring and then full marathon in the fall 😎

I went out way too fast in my first marathon too, caught up in the adrenaline and abandoned my plan. The next half I did I made myself stick to my watch (I manual lapped with the markers). I've also stuck with a pace group for the first half of races and double checked them against my watch too.

In my marathon a few weeks ago, I stuck with the 3:50 pace group (that was 2 minutes ahead of pace at the 13 mile marker) then slowly increased speed to hit my goal. I learned to tell myself that I shouldn't feel like I'm working hard the first half of a race, which helped too.

TLDR: use my motto of "EVERYTHING YOU FEEL IN THE FIRST HALF OF THE RACE IS A LIE"

How fast do you do your long runs, compared to your race pace?

Hi all, apologies if this has been asked before. I'm five weeks away from my first marathon, and I'm up to around 20 miles as a long run. But I'm a bit confused as to how fast I should be running that long run. Lots of sites I've found say 'easy' - that you should be able to hold a conversation, but then I know one runner round the corner from me who's running hers at more or less race pace. Any insight into the relationship between your long runs and your race pace would be ace. Currently I'm aiming for a just-sub 4 hour marathon. I'm intending to run 9 minute miles, my long run pace is about 10 minute miles, or slower. Thanks!

EDIT - thanks for all the replies - really useful, thanks for taking the time!

Describe proper race pacing

I’ve been running for a couple of years now but almost all of it is on my own. I rarely do organized events or run at race pace. 

For those of you who think you have properly completed a given distance at race pace, how would you describe what that felt like along the way? 

I think that I properly paced only one race thus far and that was a 5k. I would describe that as:

End of mile 1: that was exhilarating. I’m 70% sure I can keep this up for the rest of the race. 

End of mile 2: this is starting to suck. Maybe I should slow down just a little (but you don’t)

2.5-2.75 miles: I want to walk (but you don’t)

End of mile 3: I’ll just finish this race and then I’ll never do another race again. 

Last tenth: if I couldn’t see the finish line I would be walking right now. 

Finish: I’m 50/50 on puking but at least need to sit down for a bit. 

How would you describe what proper race pacing feels like for a 5k or longer distance? I’m running a half marathon this weekend and it would be interesting to have some references to check along the way.

How far out from a race do you determine race pace?

Currently on week 10 of my marathon training with 6 more until the race itself (Houston, woo!). I really want to run an 8:00 or under pace however I have had some setbacks that have affected my training so this might not be realistic. 
How far out from a race would you say it’s safe to determine a race pace based on training? I am still training to get that 3:30 finish but want to be logical once the day comes so I don’t overshoot it. I appreciate the help!

The last marathon I ran I hadn't really decided until about 5km into the race!  That may be a little extreme...

If you have a chance to make a true 10k race effort and plug that into a calculator it could be helpful.  It should spit out something very ambitious for you.  Then using your long training run pace as the other bound you get a range of marathon paces that could be realistic.  Starting at the slow end of that range you can attempt to run negative splits and end up near the fast end of the range.  You won't run the race as quickly as you theoretically could have but it should give you a very good chance of not burning out early.

Just out of curiosity, what is your 'easy' pace? And for reference, what's one of your PBs, and how much do you run per week?

My easy pace is 8:00-8:45 min/mile. I run around 50 mpw and my 5k PB is 19:53.

Difference between Marathon Pace and Easy Pace

I am currently reading Jack Daniels Running Formula - Third Edition. 
Very good book, can really recommend it by the way!! 

Question for you experienced runners or people that read the book: 
What is the difference between Marathon Pace and Easy pace when it comes to training? 

Marathon Pace seems slow enough to avoid injuries since you should be able to keep it up for several hours. Are there any reasons to train in easy pace rather than M-Pace? 

In the book he explains it like you train in M-Pace to get used to mental state of a Marathon race, but why can't this be your easy pace aswell? 

What are the different benefits of training in these two different zone besides above? 

Thanks for helping out :)

Conversational/ easy pace?

Okay, so I’m quite confused. I know that easy pace runs are an essential part of getting faster. Easy pace can be defined by able to talk/ or conversational pace. 

Yet despite the fact that a. My resting heart rate has decreased to around 60 beats per minute and b. I’ve been running for the last seven years, as soon as I run at all no matter how slow I can’t keep a conversation going. I’m winded. 

Does this mean that I should be walking? Because I’ve tried that with little success. 

Help!

Are you maybe taking that advice too literally? I definitely can’t talk how I normally talk standing or sitting while running. I can, though, get out whole sentences if I time it with an exhale. I think the advice just means you shouldn’t be taking in choppy fast shallow breathes like you might at a higher effort

How Easy Should Easy Runs Be?

I’ve been running on a mile program for the past two or three weeks. The program has a lot of timed “easy” runs, meant to increase aerobic capacity. Over these weeks, I’ve kept around the same pace on these runs (8:00 pace), but they feel easier to me than they did at the start of the program. Should I start speeding up my pace, or keep my easy runs as they are? If it helps, my goal is a 5 minute mile. Thank you!

How and why to get weekly zone 2 workouts 
Tried zone 2 hr training. 3 months c thiabhappnedrd
Zone 2 training for beginners and advance athletes
Zone 2 best way to get fit?
Zone 2 - hype or importance 
How to find zone 3 no lactate meter
U tried zone 2 for 3p days here what I learned
How to do a tempo run

Theme 1: Training Intensities & Zones
Focus: Educating runners on how to pace themselves to avoid burnout.
 Zone 2
 YouTube Title: Why 80% of Your Runs Should Feel "Too Slow" (Zone 2 Guide)
 Instagram Hook: Stop running so fast. Do this instead 🛑
 Zone 5
 YouTube Title: How to Survive Zone 5 Training Without Getting Injured
 Instagram Hook: The workout that makes marathons feel easy 🥵
 Tempo
 YouTube Title: The Tempo Run Mistake 90% of Runners Make
 Instagram Hook: If your tempo run feels like this, you’re doing it wrong
 Threshold
 YouTube Title: How to Increase Your Lactate Threshold (Run Faster, Longer)
 Instagram Hook: Want to run faster without getting tired? Read this.
 Easy Pace
 YouTube Title: How to Find Your TRUE Easy Pace (Stop Over-running)
 Instagram Hook: POV: You finally realized "easy" means actually easy
 All-Day Pace
 YouTube Title: The Ultra-Running Secret: How to Find Your All-Day Pace
 Instagram Hook: How to run for hours without stopping 🏃‍♂️💨
Theme 2: Speedwork & Workouts
Focus: High energy, performance gains, and track culture.
 Intervals
 YouTube Title: The Best Interval Workouts to Drop Your 5K Time Fast
 Instagram Hook: Do this interval session to unlock a new PR ⚡
 Fartlek
 YouTube Title: Try This 20-Minute "Fartlek" Workout to Build Insane Speed
 Instagram Hook: The Swedish running secret you aren't using...
 Strides
 YouTube Title: Do This For 5 Minutes After Your Run to Get Faster
 Instagram Hook: Why elite runners do this after every easy run 👇
 Hill Repeats
 YouTube Title: Hill Repeats: The Ultimate Cheat Code for Running Speed
 Instagram Hook: Hate hills? Good. Here is why you need them.
 Track Session
 YouTube Title: What a Pro Track Session Actually Looks Like (Step-by-Step)
 Instagram Hook: Come with me to hit a brutal track session 💥
Theme 3: Mileage & Data Tracking
Focus: Science-backed planning, tracking metrics, and avoiding injury.
 Long Run
 YouTube Title: How to Build Up Your Long Run (Without Killing Your Knees)
 Instagram Hook: 3 things I wish I knew before my first 20-mile run
 Mileage
 YouTube Title: How Much Weekly Mileage Do You Actually Need?
 Instagram Hook: The truth about high mileage vs. low mileage 📊
 Weekly Volume
 YouTube Title: How to Increase Your Weekly Volume Safely (The 10% Rule)
 Instagram Hook: Stop increasing your running volume like this!
 Splits
 YouTube Title: How to Read Your Running Splits Like a Pro Coach
 Instagram Hook: Your splits are telling you a major secret about your fitness
 Cadence
 YouTube Title: Fix Your Running Cadence to Instantly Save Your Knees
 Instagram Hook: Is your running cadence too low? Try this quick test.
 Heart Rate Drift
 YouTube Title: Why Your Heart Rate Spikes Late in a Run (HR Drift Explained)
 Instagram Hook: Why your pace drops but your heart rate goes up 📈
Theme 4: The Dark Side of Running (Fatigue & Failure)
Focus: High emotional hooks. Empathy, recovery, and overcoming pain points.
 Fade
 YouTube Title: Why You Always Fade in the Second Half of Your Runs
 Instagram Hook: How to stop slowing down at the end of a race 📉
 Hitting the Wall
 YouTube Title: What Happens to Your Body When You Hit the Wall (And How to Avoid It)
 Instagram Hook: POV: You hit the wall at Mile 20 💀
 The Bonk
 YouTube Title: How to Recover From a Total "Bonk" on Your Long Run
 Instagram Hook: I completely bonked today. Here is what went wrong.
 DOMS
 YouTube Title: How to Fix Brutal Leg Soreness (DOMS Relief for Runners)
 Instagram Hook: Can’t walk down the stairs? Try this for DOMS 👇
Theme 5: Recovery & Strategy
Focus: Optimization, wellness, and routine preparation.
 Recovery Run
 YouTube Title: Why Recovery Runs are Secretly Your Most Important Workout
 Instagram Hook: Reminder: Your recovery run is not a race 🧘‍♂️
 Base Building
 YouTube Title: The Exact 12-Week Base Building Routine I Use for Marathons
 Instagram Hook: How to build an engine that never quits.
 Foam Rolling
 YouTube Title: Stop Rolling Your IT Band! (Foam Rolling Done Right)
 Instagram Hook: You are probably using your foam roller completely wrong
 Double
 YouTube Title: Running Twice a Day? (Pros & Cons of Running Doubles)
 Instagram Hook: The truth about running twice a day...
 Shakeout
 YouTube Title: Why You Need a Shakeout Run the Day Before a Big Race
 Instagram Hook: Don't skip this run 24 hours before your race 🚫
 Cutback Week
 YouTube Title: Why Cutback Weeks are the Secret to Running Faster
 Instagram Hook: Why running less this week will make you faster next week
 Deload
 YouTube Title: How to Program a Deload Week Without Losing Your Fitness
 Instagram Hook: It's deload week. Here is the plan.
Theme 6: Race Day & Peak Performance
Focus: Hype, results, specific goals, and celebration.
 Taper
 YouTube Title: The Marathon Taper Guide (How to Avoid the "Taper Tantrums")
 Instagram Hook: Welcome to the taper phase (where everything hurts)
 Peak Week
 YouTube Title: Inside My Hardest Week of Training (Peak Week Vlog)
 Instagram Hook: Surviving the highest mileage week of my life 📈
 PB/PR
 YouTube Title: How I Cleared 10 Minutes Off My PB (Guaranteed PR Tips)
 Instagram Hook: That feeling when the hard work finally pays off ⏱️
 Negative Split
 YouTube Title: The Smartest Way to Race: How to Negative Split a Marathon
 Instagram Hook: The exact pacing strategy the pros use to win
 Carb Load
 YouTube Title: How to Carb Load Correctly (Without Feeling Bloated)
 Instagram Hook: Friendly reminder to eat your rice and pasta this week 🥞
 Race Pace
 YouTube Title: How to Lock into Race Pace (And Keep It From Feeling Hard)
 Instagram Hook: If your race pace feels too hard right now, watch this
 Marathon Pace
 YouTube Title: Exactly What Marathon Pace Should Feel Like in Training
 Instagram Hook: Training for a sub-4 hour marathon? Try this pace.
 Goal Pace
 YouTube Title: Can I Actually Hold My Goal Pace? (The Ultimate Test Workout)
 Instagram Hook: Trust the process, lock in the goal pace 
NY Times: Is Zone 2 the magic effort level for exercise?

[Article](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/02/19/well/move/zone-2-exercise-benefits.html?unlocked_article_code=1.yk4.NJKA.sFZDheGhYTV9&smid=url-share) in the NY Times about Zone 2 exercise.

Advanced running 

Probably not a lot of info that the typical advanced runnitor doesn't know already, but the bottom of this article is that there is probably *not* anything particularly magical about Zone 2. They do mention that perhaps one of the benefits is that most people may be more likely to exercise more/longer if they are not killing themselves, so Zone 2 is good for that.

There is also a citation to [this recent review article](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/39390310/) on the effects of exercise on mitochondria.

Z2 is about more volume, and more mitochondria. Period. If you’re running 5-6 hours a week total, Z2 is cool but there’s no magic there.

Are there any physiological advantages to zone 2 training?

I've been an anaerobic sport trainee for years, but I do have an exercise science degree/CSCS and I'm a physical therapist, so I have a degree of understanding of the physiology side, but I have never marathon trained or endurance trained, personally, for any significant volume of time.

Anyway, YouTube recommendations have sent me down this Zone 2 training rabbit hole. I'm watching these videos, and the benefits are being highlighted, and I can't help but think... Aren't all of these "Zone 2" adaptations discussed not "Zone 2" adaptations, but rather "Endurance training" adaptations?

Meanwhile, I have a very hard time believing that "Zone 3" training will not elicit greater adaptation with regards to things like mitochondrial density, aerobic enzyme density, capillary density, etc. How is adding a greater aerobic demand on the aerobic system simply not going to elicit greater adaptation (even if it isn't linear)? Or as some sources have suggested, increased aerobic demand will actually lead to fewer positive adaptation despite merely going from a fast walk/slow jog to slow jog/health jog? I just don't follow.

I get the sense that one claim is that zone 2 training is less injury-inducing and as a result has practical benefits that possibly outweigh any physiologically sub-optimal adaptation simply by virtue of permitting more sub-optimal adaptation that, in aggregate, exceeds what would otherwise be achieved? And it may also permit a greater volume of and higher overall intensity during training at/near lactate threshold?

But I'm reading a lot of "Zone 3 training is a waste of time," or "Zone 3 training negates the benefits of zone 2 training" which just seems like bullshit to me on its face?

Is there any truth to it? I can accept that Zone 2 may have pragmatic benefits, but I'm getting serious vibes that there's tons and tons of content out there that's stupid popular that is just total bullshit.

If it isn't, can somebody explain why this is the case on a physiological level? And for the sake of argument, let's leave running economy out of it and assume that everybody trains in the zone they intend to, that HR zone estimates are all 100% accurate, etc. I'm much more interested in the physiology.

You’re coming around to some of the thoughts behind the “Norwegian” training style that’s the new hotness in endurance sports these days. One of the foundational principles of this training style is that the area between aerobic threshold/vt1/lt1 and lactate threshold/vt2/lt2 drives the physiological adaptions that are most specific to racing performance. This is “zone 3” in most zone models (aet-LT), although the Norwegians call it “zone 2” because they have a 3-zone model. https://www.mariusbakken.com/the-norwegian-model.html is a good resource on this training philosophy although it’s light on physiology.

The Norwegians can do a lot more of this “zone 3” threshold training because they use blood lactate meters to strictly regulate intensity and maximize the stimulus-to-fatigue ratio of their workouts. Past LT, blood lactate rises much quicker relative to effort/pace and you end up with a rapidly declining SFR and theoretically, less efficient training if you’re training to your maximum recoverable volume.

Even with their relatively higher volume of threshold training, the Norwegians still run a lot of low-intensity aerobic volume (the popularized zone 2, their zone 1). You always need a base of easy running because it drives valuable adaptations without incurring a heavy recovery burden - running economy, impact resistance, connective tissue strengthening, fat oxidation metabolism, etc. It seems that high-level endurance training requires a lot of “time on feet” in addition to proper intensity management, so hitting your MRV with something like 3 hours/week of threshold training is probably less effective long-term than 1 hour T + 9 hours z2 per week.

For mere mortals like most of us on Reddit, it really just comes down to running most of your miles easy and 10-20% of them at varying levels of “hard”, maybe periodized for specific goals. It’s no coincidence that all of the most popular marathon training plans fit that broad template.

Do you think a year of runs almost all in z2 (<133ish HR) might’ve made me forget what it’s like to run fast / feel uncomfortable?

Merry Christmas all!

I’ve (29f) been feeling quite distressed recently. I’m at the slimmest I’ve ever been, I’ve added strength training to my exercise regime and I dedicated a whole year on conservative z2 runs (pace would’ve roughly been 09:30-10min/mi at around 133hr).

I’m the slowest I’ve ever been. Just for context, my 5k pb from a few years ago is 20:44 and my half pb 1:38. Now, are those numbers great - of course not. My concern is that I’m now following Garmin’s online coach recommended runs and was supposed to run at around 7min/mi for 20’. I couldn’t even do it for 1 mile. I’m out of breath and I feel slow / weak.

The above has been the case for a few months / weeks. All speedwork sessions are basically impossible (even though they shouldn’t be based on my previous fitness levels).

So the question is… do you think I’ve just forgotten what it’s like to feel uncomfortable during a fast (for me) run? Or am I dying lol

Zone 2 Running

Hey guys, I like to keep running simple, I've done all events from the 5k up to the 100k ultramarathon, being relatively competitive in all distances. I've never really used heart rate to plan out my training, and I seem to hear everyone talking about Zone 2 nowadays. 

One thing I've never understood is people who would walk near the end of an easy run just to make sure their heart rate stays in zone 2. Is this something that the mass population think is effective?

Here's my take:

- Heart rate shouldn't really be a big indicator until you've run for a good few years where you have the physiological adaptations for the metric to actually mean anything. By physiological adaptations, I'm talking about capilliarisation, increase in stroke volume, etc. 

- If you drink caffeine before a run and run a certain intensity, your heart rate will be higher than if you don't drink caffeine and run the same exact intensity

- If you truly stick to Zone 2 all the time and would go as far as to drop down to a walk just to religiously stay in that zone, you are almost making your body accustomed to positive splitting which might reflect in races

- Heart rate isn't meant to just plateau and not increase at all over time, it's inevitable that near the end of even an easy run, your heart rate will ever so slightly gradually increase, but being 2bpm above zone 2 shouldn't necessarily mean you 'failed' your run

I feel like a lot of people obsess over numbers, is this something that people agree with? Definitely open to discussion, please let me know your thoughts

For me the concept of zone 2 is to get more aerobic training in, without getting injured or burned out. Slowing down to a walk to stay in Zone 2 doesn't sound like a common practice. That sounds more like faulty HR readings or maybe heat, dehydration, etc.  Simply running slower should bring the HR down to Zone 2.  I don't trust wrist readings, so I always run with a chest strap.  But I don't follow zone 2 religiously.  I use HR as a secondary gauge of effort. I actually think I run too much in Zone 2, due to group runs and such, and could probably benefit from a bit more variety.

Completely lost on zones and training paces

Apologies in advance if this is considered repetitive, or the wrong subreddit.

About 14 months ago, I started running. Before that I was completely sedentary for a several years, due to lockdown. Before that, I played soccer, but never at a high level. My running so far culminated in a 3:34:52 marathon on 10 April 2022. A result I am proud of, which I achieved through a Pfitz 18/55 training program.

After the marathon, everything seemed to deteriorate though. My resting heart rate went from a 45 average before the marathon to a 50 average after the marathon. I also noticed that I am having a lot of trouble in general. Not injuries, simply difficulty to hold the pace.

My goal is to rebuild my endurance and try to improve my fitness and pace again. My plan was to do this through zone 2 training, on which I read a lot of good things. However, I am having trouble finding a decent zone plan though. The percentages vary immensely. I do know my MHR, RHR and LTHR (195/50/175 respectively). Not lab tested, but I run with a strap and did MHR test as well as a LTHR test.

What are the generally accepted percentages for zone 2?

Garmin has 50-60 of MHR - 80/20 endurance has 81-90 of LTHR and Pfitz has 72-81 for general aerobic (easy run).

That is respectively - Garmin 117-135 / 80/20 endurance 142-158 / Pfitz 140-158

So... which is the true zone 2 running? Should I aim for sub 135? Or am I fine in going a little higher?

what is the scientific basis for using cardiac drift tests to set your aerobic threshold/top of "zone 2"?

If you search online how to identify the the top of your zone 2 HR interval in a way that is more precise (compared to a simple percentage of your maximum heart rate, the talk test or even some generic age-based formula), you will come across two popular posts based on the notion of cardiac drift:

\- [Uphill Athlete: Heart Rate Drift: A Functional Measure of Aerobic Fitness](https://uphillathlete.com/aerobic-training/heart-rate-drift/)

\- [Runningversity: How to do a Heart-Rate Drift Test](https://runningversity.com/heart-rate-drift-test/)

Does anyone know which scientific research lies behind this? I have being searching on Google Scholar without success and am curious to read the studies that established this threshold (3.5% - 5%) that both pages advocate.

I don’t have a scientific basis for you but a hypothesis. Your HR goes up if oxygen demand increases or cooling demand increases. Below AeT your slow twitch fibres can produce all energy as needed from their mitochondria. Above AeT, you start to engage not only your slow twitch fibres but also your fast twitch fibres. These fibres produce more pyruvate/lactacd than they themselves can consume in their mitochondria. So they send the lactate in to the bloodstream where it gets transferred to other parts of the body that will happily consume it (like the heart or brains). This consumption however requires oxygen and is not related to propulsion. This means, oxygen consumption per propulsion goes up which shows as cardiac drift.

Why then put the drift test at 5% and not at 0? Because a second source of increased heart rate is due to reduced blood (plasma) volume due to sweat loss.

Putting these together means drift comes from sweat loss as well as excess oxygen consumption due to lactate production.

What’s the “right way” to think about Zone 2 training?

I’m planning ahead for a dedicated base build block in about a months time.  

I want to get maximum benefit from it.  I see Zone 2 in multiple ways - MAF, HRR, 60-70% of your Max HR, or what I had done which is use paces from 80/20.   They all give me fairly different ranges. 

What’s would you do as your base building pace?  Slowest available of them?

Why are my runs the day after my Z2 long runs always my best?

Running for 3 years ish, only seriously the last 18 odd months. 30-45 miles (50-70ish km) per week. 9:20/mile / 5:50/km z2 pace. Train 6-7 times per week but if it’s 7, one of them is just a recovery run. Follow Garmin DSW. Currently in the base phase of training for a 5k but ran my first marathon at the end of October.
I’ve consistently noticed the day directly after my z2 long run (generally 9.3m/15km to 15.5m/25k) are better than any of my other runs, for example z2 runs being ~24s/mile / 15s/km faster at the same heart rate.

What’s going on here and how can I take advantage of this in my training?

ETA: 3 base runs (1 long), 1 anaerobic session, 2 high aerobic. I tend to have the  anaerobic session the day before my long run but not always. I also do a lot of trigger point/tolling work pre-run.

I’ve noticed similar patterns across my training week and have experimented with the distribution of sessions across a week to try and leverage the impacts of residual acute adaptation. I don’t know the exact answer. I haven’t read the scientific journals to see if evidence supports my thinking. I’m Hoping someone smarter than me can tell us if we are overthinking it!

From a physiological perspective - our long aerobic days aims to increase mitochondrial efficiency, and bunch of other things, including ability to utilize fat as a fuel source. Acute adaptation /super compensation effects may create a temporary boost in aerobic efficiency for the next run once the immediate fatigue subsides.

If I’ve noticed anything, it is much lower HR for effort the day after a good Vo2 day. Assuming I’ve recovered well from the session volume, the next long slow aerobic day I feel a million bucks. Mindful that suppressed HR can actually indicate fatigue.

When the Norwegian triathletes took the world by storm with lactate meters and incredible specificity, I was immediately drawn to why they stacked certain sessions how the did. The double threshold day and how intervals are structure makes sense, but the undulation of high to low intensity across a week intrigues me.

Why do we know so little about training stress and supercompensation timing

I've trawled through the Internet and I get the classic model of stress, recovery and supercompensation. That much is clear.

What's less clear, in the science, is how a stress, let's say for (1) Zone 2/LT1 efforts, (2) threshold efforts, and (3) VO2max efforts impacts the body.

Subjectively, we know that Zone 2 efforts are easy. And for VO2max efforts, we know that those are hard. And the recovery time is longer for harder efforts. 

What exactly are we recovering from? Musculoskeletal fatigue is easy enough to identify. But which bodily systems need recovery? How do we properly identify that our bodies have recovered - RPE when doing a warmup, first rep?

Many people say a workout takes 10 days to take effect. But why? That can't be for a Zone 2 workout. It seems unlikely for a threshold effort. Maybe for a VO2 max effort, and only because of the musculoskeletal impact. 

How long does it take, on average, for the body to achieve supercompensation for the 3 different workouts I have set out above and why?

Hope we can have a discussion and question the usual wisdom.


Coming from a hard science background, sports science can be pretty frustrating to read about.  I think it's just hard to do good science in this field since there is so little data, studies are not repeatable, sample sizes are woefully small, observational studies are hard logistically and expensive to perform, biological systems are insanely complicated, and the number of variables is too damn high.

I think this is one of the reasons bro science is so prevalent in both gym rats and running...so much of what works is just learned through trial and error and handed down through generations.

edit: hijacking my own message to make sure people see u/running_writings post below

My marathon PB is ~4:30 and I still can't jog 5k in zone 2

A bit of context, I've been doing distance running for about 7 years now. The past 12 months I was doing mostly high volume z2 training for my first 50k ultra, which I was quite happy with (finished in top third out of a field of 3000). Six months ago I also PB'd my marathon at ~4:30. 

YET I still can't even jog an easy 5 or 10k at a crawl inside zone 2. All of my easy runs of any distance STILL require run/walk/run. (Obligatory mention that I've tried multiple HRM straps and looked at multiple methods for measuring individualised Ae threshold). 

Is it possible that my aerobic fitness is decent and I'm just a very inefficient runner? In other words, it takes a lot of energy to move at a slow pace but I have the endurance to sustain that output for many hours. Or is this just normal for someone of my speed?

Edit: Some folks have requested more details:  

• My LTHR is 175bpm, measured from the 30min LT test and confirmed in multiple ~1hr races. It's about 8:25/mile

• It's been a while since I've attempted to measure max HR but it was around 191 bpm a few years back

• Avg HR for 4:30 race: 161 bpm

• I usually consider zone 2 as 150 bpm which is ~ 85% of LTHR. The 5% cardiac drift test also comes out as 150 bpm. In a lab VO2max test a couple of years back, AeT looked to be around 146 bpm. It's currently around 11:15/mile with some rolling hills.

• Training has been a bit on and off over those 7 years due to an injury but the past 2 years has been very consistent, injury free (aside from Covid), doing 30-50 miles per week.

• I'm currently 42 y/o and male

You've been running for 7 years just fine. I wouldn't worry about HR. If you can keep up your mileage week after week, then just continue to do your runs at a comfortable pace. Measuring HR is a just tool to keep you from overdoing it. You probably know by now when you're going too hard so just go by feel. Maybe throw in some drills or strides if you feel like you might not be as efficient as you can be.

Which HR zone calculation method do you use?

I have been structuring my training for the past 10 months using TrainingPeaks zone calculator based on lactate threshold test (I have done 2 of these 30 minute timetrial tests in this period where both turned out exactly the same LT HR 193) - i know blood test would be more accurate but $$$…

Recently I have realised that there are many other methods for calculating HR training zones, and I compared a few. To my surprise the lower zones 1 and 2 were quite a lot higher in TrainingPeaks’ zones than in the two other methods. I’m wondering if I’m working to hard in the bulk of my training in Z2 (and Z1). Z2 feels light to moderate. I don’t breath through my nose at this effort, but it’s not like i can’t talk in complete sentences either.

What methods do you use for calculating HR training zones?

Here is a comparison of the zones:

Lactate threshold HR zones w. LT HR 193
- Z1 Recovery/Easy: <135
- Z2 Endurance: 135-154
- Z3 Tempo: 154-174
- Z4 SubThreshold: 174-193
- Z5 Interval/Anaerobic: >193

Karvonen HR zones w. RHR 48 and MHR 202
- Z1 Recovery/Easy: 125-141
- Z2 Endurance: 141-156
- Z3 Tempo: 156-171
- Z4 SubThreshold: 171-187
- Z5 Interval/Anaerobic: 187-202

TrainingPeaks zones w. LT HR 193
- Z1 Recovery/Easy: <154
- Z2 Endurance: 155-171
- Z3 Tempo: 172-179
- Z4 SubThreshold: 180-191
- Z5a Interval/Anaerobic: 192-196
- Z5b Super Threshold: 197-204
- Z5c Anaerobic Capacity: >205

Edit: sorry for the formatting of the zones. Can’t seem to make it look nice.

Heart rate for easy runs is always in zone 3

Let me preface by letting you know that I have done tests to determine my max hr, and have used several formulas to determine zones, all of which have still resulted in some 3 easy runs. 

I have also experimented by running VERY slowly at an extremely comfortable pace, yet still my heart rate falls into zone 3. For context I am a decentish runner (19:55 5k, 5:45 mile), yet still running slower than 7:00 per km results in zone 3.

So far I’ve thought just to ignore this and run by feel which I still think is the best option (easy runs between 5:30-6:00 /km) , but wanted another opinion. 

I really would not like to take the run/walk approach to keep a lower heart rate but am scared I am  running in the ‘no benefit zone’ to often. Thanks

Ignore the HR zones and run by perceived effort. Clearly, something is up with your HR zones and how they're set up. For what it's worth, I plugged your 5k time into Daniels' VDOT calculator, and it says your Easy pace should be 5:07-5:38 min/km.

Z2/base “wastage”

Hi everyone,

Coming from an elite cycling background, running was a pretty smooth transition. I’ve been doing a lot of base these days with most of my intensity on days I nordic ski. My question is this: on endurance/Z2 runs, when does stopping become an issue for adaptations? I ran 10 mi/1:27 today and had to stop multiple times for a couple of minutes (busy roads). In cycling, if you’re doing a big endurance ride, it’s generally frowned upon to stop for “cafe stops” or long gas station refuels with some going as far to say those “ruin” the ride and to make every stop super fast. Now, that makes sense in principle, but I’m curious as to how you actually measure the *quality* of an endurance run/ride. Did my multiple stops today “ruin” my run? I still had almost 1.5h in my endurance zone. Is the issue that one’s HR would drop to recovery/rest levels?

Thanks.

Stopping for traffic is fine on a run. You can always tell newer runners because they jog in place at stop lights. More seasoned runners don't give a sh&%. What matters is the cumulative build up of weeks upon weeks of miles. Standing at a light for a few minutes on an easy day is inconsequential. As far a cyclists go, they spend most of the day hiding in someone else's slipstream just to sprint to the state line. A cafe stop isn't where they're wasting their workout.

Why do so many runners prescribe intervals by distance vs. time?

Coming from cycling, I've used many training plans with time based intervals whereas running plans I'm using all go by distance. I don't quite understand why. 2 people prescribed ,say, 800m x 6 @ 5k pace may have wildly different times spent in the target zone due to their ability. Why not just say 5'@ 5k pace???

Easy runs getting harder, frustrated with progress

**Age**:33m. Have been running for about 1 year and 2-3 months.

**Current MPW**: 42 ish, slowly building towards 45

**Previous Peak MPW**: 35, but have been at 40+ for the last month

**Workouts I traditionally do**: 1K repeats at 5k race pace, tempo run 20-25 minute at 10second slower than 10k, long run on friday or sat (typically 11+ miles)

**Goals**: Current goal is sub 20 5k

**Previous PRs**: 22:54 5k, 51:12 10k, 1:54 HM

I track my runs on Runalyze and have been noticing my Effective VO2 max been either stagnant or dropping over the last few weeks (calculated from a mix of HR/Pace/Elevation if you aren't familiar with Runalyze's model).

Below is an image of my Effective VO2 max trend. Not sure if it's any cause for concern, but my HRV has been fairly stagnant and resting heart rate hasn't decreased as well ever since I started running

https://imgur.com/a/UPBlg2T

Most of my easy runs are in the < 145 BPM range, typically zone 2 or zone 3 in Garmin. I try to stay below 142. Last month or so, my easy run paces have been around 10:20 ish, with a HR of 140, but recently, they've been going up, with a lower pace and a higher HR as well, typically around 10:45-10:50 with a HR of 146 or so. It's been discouraging to have to slow done, I've sometime hit zone 4 when doing my easy runs even when I'm making a conscious effort to slow my pace down. 


1. Am I doing anything wrong with my training? I've been trying to adhere to 80/20 training for a while, as well as slowly increasing mileage without increasing intensity
2. I feel like I'm not improving at the rate that I should expect to improve. Am I being unrealistic with improvement expectations?

Thanks

Forget the heart rate, VO2 max, zone, 80/20 bullshit. Just get out the door and train as you have been. Stop stressing about pace on easy runs. Easy runs should just feel easy, that’s it. Sometimes they will be faster and sometimes slower. Run hard on the workouts. That’s it.

In a sentence: you have paralysis by overanalysis.

Base Build vs Speed Build

Do people think the recent boom/trend of zone 2/base building is actually hindering SOME peoples ability to get faster?

This came to my mind when i was researching old school track/club running philosophy. Where the philosophy seems is to go fast over shorter distances first and then gradually build your race distance and keep holding that pace for longer.

Whereas in modern day running and specifically with the rise of social media, everyone wants to be seen to run a marathon and are going for sub 3 with a 5k not a lot quicker than 20 mins.

So my question is, would people benefit from doing blocks to increase their 5k, 3k or even mile efforts? At what level would this be more beneficial than the classic "just run more, slower"? 

Undoubtedly, yes, the tricky thing is that productive training is highly individual and contextual, and the stuff you mention is often - understandably - talked about very simplistically.

I believe one of the reasons we’ve had this zone 2 boom is because it counters one of the main roadblocks most new runners encounter, which is distance.

To expand on my hypothesis: you very often hear new runners talking about how far they can run, with little or no comment about how fast, except of course (I believe thanks to park run) over 5k. People then see each successive distance as their next challenge, rather than assuming they’ll be able to run a given distance eventually and focusing on times across the board. I think this is why marathon fever is rife, too, it’s ’the longest distance’ outside ultra running, and therefore the ultimate challenge. Again, stripping out the fact it’s possible to run a marathon to different levels.

The reason I believe that’s relevant is because where people used to just go out and run as fast as they could for as long as they could, distance was the challenge. With zone 2, it occurs they can run at different intensities, and those distance milestones (no pun intended) fall much quicker. Suddenly you go from barely finishing a 5k (ironically, therefore, at 5k pace) to being ‘able’ to run 10k or even further. It feels like a cheat code.

But yes for committed runners, people doing a few hours per week but not maximising their load - I mean as opposed to people who’ll only ever run for say 20 minutes at a time once or twice per week - running zone 2 all the time is certainly not the most productive thing they can do over the medium and long term.

Frankly though, and I’ve seen this with people I’ve helped, most people will benefit enough from a few hours of zone 2 running to begin with - and reduce injury risk too - that I don’t think it matters that much. Most casual runners aren’t aiming for a sub-15-minute 5k, and just getting under 20 would be a huge achievement for them, and a few hours a week of zone 2 training will get most people there eventually tbh.

HOW FAR CAN A HOBBY-JOGGER GO WITH HIGH MILEAGE?

This is not a typical race report. An upfront warning is that this is pretty lengthy, and will undoubtedly be insufficiently punchy to entice too many of you to read until the end. To try salvage some readership I have hopefully deployed clear headings, so skimming is possible. 
  


**The TL;DR summary is: I am a 45-year old male. I was an overweight, sedentary child who did virtually no real exercise until my twenties and only started running in 2016 at the age of 38. I fell in love with running and ran my first marathon within 9 months of starting – running 3:39:XX in January 2017. I am an introvert and a bit of a loner and I also primarily got into running to lose weight. So, for several years after my first marathon, I got into the habit of going on lots of long runs on my own (often 42km+), as an unhealthy justification to eat more on Saturdays. My overall mileage was high by hobby-jogger standards, but not super high, and I have always seen myself as an enthusiast with zero natural talent (and injury prone). But my marathon times slowly got a bit better and then a bit better and I had two marathons in 2021 and early 2022 respectively (the latter 3:06:XX at altitude), which made me wonder what would happen if I improved my training. So now I am conducting an experiment to see what happens when a hobby-jogger with zero talent adopts high-mileage training. I ran the Cape Town Marathon on Sunday (15 October), so I thought I would use that race as a vehicle to chronical my journey thus far.**
  

  
Just to contextualise some of what I say below: I live in South Africa, and the Cape Town Marathon is generally seen as our flagship marathon. It is on the shortlist to be the 7th major but, as I discuss again briefly below, hasn’t got much hope. Our two main road events are the famous Comrades Marathon (87-90km, depending on the route) and the Two Oceans Marathon (56km) (yes, South African race organisers clearly lack imagination when it comes to naming their events – next time you read on r/running that someone just ran a 5km marathon, double check to see if they’re South African). I mention these races, because the Two Oceans in particular has some significance to my future plans.
  

  
**The context – what kind of runner are you?**
  

  
My sense is that, broadly speaking, the members of this community and the community on r/running is divided into two categories. In the first category, there are people with immense natural talent who are now, or were in their youth, essentially sub-elite standard (to use the term imprecisely). In this community in particular, there are lots of very talented runners – and the group includes a spectrum of people who were extremely talented in high school or college and are less competitive now, to people currently hitting sub 2h30 marathons or even US Olympic standards and then posting about it here (and we have had some recent reports from members like that). 
  
The other category (and this cuts across this community and r/running) is classically amateur. In that group there is a very wide range of talent – some people running marathons in 5 hours and some well-under sub-3. But I put them all in the same category because they are, by virtue of being amateurs, limited in their desire/capacity to run high mileage and have lots of other things competing for their attention/bandwidth. So, they are mostly low or moderate mileage runners, trying to do the best they can with the time available to them. In my mind, I think of their average as being between 60 to 100km per week – but this is obviously a thumb-suck derived from anecdotal evidence on this sub and r/running. 
  
What really started interesting me was: what would happen if we created a third category? A category of high-mileage runners with little natural talent. How good could someone in that category get? 

I have seen lots of comments over the years - in fairness, mostly on [letsrun.com](https://letsrun.com) \- which imply that there is a good reason why there are very few people in this category. The reasoning is: what's the point of running 14 hours a week to run a 2:55 or 2:50 marathon (or whatever) as an amateur? And I totally get that. And I also totally get that it's hard to justify 100mpw as an amateur, with a family and a job etc etc. I'm in the lucky position of having a very supportive wife, being self-employed and loving high mileage running. I appreciate that this is unusual. 


  
**The events which prompted my decision**
  


My February 2022 marathon made me wonder if I could go sub-3. At that stage, going sub-3 was the high watermark of my ambitions. I did at least one, maybe two, threads in 2022 about my food poisoning in Berlin in 2022 and then my experience in Cape Town 2022. Since I doubt any of you read them at the time, or if you did, I doubt you remember them, briefly: I went to Berlin hoping for my first sub-3 and dropped out at 26km with food poisoning (or something resembling it). I then sought the advice of this excellent community and was persuaded to give Cape Town a try – it was 3 weeks after Berlin. I then ran 3:00:02 at Cape Town. Rather than upset me, my near miss galvanised me to try to increase my mileage and see what happened. Before Berlin, I wasn’t really a big user of Reddit. I turned to Reddit out of desperation after my DNF. That got me hooked onto this sub (I only discovered r/running much later) and I started reading basically everything on the site. It was that journey, and then the 3:00:02 (which lit a fire in me to do better), which inspired me to do my high-mileage experiment.


  
**Preparation – controversial compromises**
  
**Alternative heading – the scope of the experiment**
  
**Second alternative heading – are treadmills necessarily bad, and is strength work necessarily good?**


  
So, since October 2022, I have had two training blocks – one for Two Oceans in April, and one for my marathon on Sunday. In both of those blocks, I have averaged 14 hours per week of running. For Two Oceans in April, I had an injury set-back which forced me onto the elliptical for much of Feb (still averaging 10-14 hours per week, though, except in the one week where the injury was acute and I had to rest completely). I ran 4:02:39 in Two Oceans on this higher mileage block (averaging more than 700 km per month in November, December, and March and more than 600km in January).


  
In the build up to Cape Town 2023, my monthly mileage was 604km (375 miles) in May, 724km (450 miles) in June, 711km (442 miles) in July, 734km (456 miles) in August, 766km (476 miles) in September, and then 193km (120 miles) in the first two weeks of October (this is the number which includes all October mileage excluding the marathon). One major caveat is that, although this works out to an overall average of 100mpw, a lot of this running was done on a treadmill. 


  
Which brings me to the issue of compromises. Because of my age and physical limitations (which, as a non-expert, I can’t accurately capture, but which may include biomechanical defects and/or lack of sufficient strength), I am injury prone and struggle especially with outdoor quality sessions. As soon as I add too much quality, even on less than 14 hours per week, I get injured sooner or later. Also, in my last training block, I overloaded my calf with a combination of too much strength work and the mileage. So, this time I made two controversial calls (a) to do all quality on the treadmill and (b) to do no strength work at all in this training block (I obviously could easily have done at least chest and arms, but something had to give, time wise, and I just didn’t bother).


  
I give all of this detail to emphasise that my training resembled what probably all of the experts on this sub would advise an amateur like me not to do. If you look at the cumulative advice, most people would probably say that, as an amateur, I should have (a) run less overall (b) done more strength work (c) done more quality outdoors, so most, if not all, workouts were not on the treadmill. But, what everyone also accepts is that mileage is king. And even when I run substantially less than 100mpw, I tend to get injured by quality sessions sooner or later. So, taking into account all of these factors, and the fact that I very much enjoy high-mileage running, I wanted to prioritise high mileage. In particular, I want to see how fast I can get with high mileage as the very specific stimulus, because my starting point is that the most uncommon/unlikely recommendation made to amateurs is to hike their mileage to semi-elite levels of volume. In other words, the most common anecdotal experiment we all get to observe is (1) take a hobby-jogger running 50km a week (2) get that hobby jogger, safely over time, to 100km a week (3) add sufficient quality, and then (4) observe how good she or he can get. I wanted to see what would happen if the hobby-jogger averaged 14 hours of running a week. To get there, other things had to give – hence the treadmill, lack of strength work etc.


  
A brief side-note on strength work: I know that there is near uniform agreement that runners of all ability need strength work to prevent injury and get faster. My n of 1 personal experiment casts doubt on this. I may just have gotten lucky this training block, but looking back at the past, strength work seems to do me more harm than good. Like quality, it has often pushed me over the edge into injury. I know that many/most coaches would argue that, since that is the case, do less mileage and then you’ll be able to add strength work safely. I am just not sure if that is always the best approach.


  
**Training – implementing the experiment**


  
So, here is a summary of my preparation for the race. You have already seen my mileage from above. In May and June, the mileage was overall pretty easy. That said, I have, throughout this training block, always pushed harder on the treadmill than on the road, using the aspects of the treadmill (surface being softer, smoother etc) which make it easier than the road to allow me to compensate by going harder. I remember a thread recently about zone 2 training vs moderate training. A lot of the experts came in to say that it is not true that anything higher than zone 2 is not productive. I think u/KrazyFranco commented about training for a marathon basically grey-zoning the entire block. I have always felt, again only from a layman’s perspective, that moderate efforts increase my fitness very effectively and don’t pose much injury risk. I applied that, using the treadmill. 

From July, I introduced designated threshold-esque workouts on the treadmill. I can’t call them true threshold workouts for two reasons (a) I don’t quite trust my treadmill’s calibration (which is why I train by time more than mileage) and so I can’t work out, and then apply, true threshold paces and (b) I have made no attempt to work out my heart-rate threshold. So, what these workouts really were, were time-based intervals (with a range of times depending on the day, how I was feeling etc – between 3 min intervals all the way to 20 mins intervals). The intensity was always appropriate for the duration, and I never really came close to red-lining. I would say that the majority of these intervals were quite a bit faster than marathon pace (judged mostly by feel, because of my data doubts described already) but definitely more like threshold than VO2 max (even the shorter ones).


  
I am one of those people who can survive, mentally, on the treadmill for quite long. In the first few years of taking up distance running (say 2017 to 2021), I often ran distances of between 42km and 48km by myself, as part of training either for a marathon or Two Oceans. I have since come to appreciate that this is very undesirable and counterproductive. As part of my high-mileage experiment, I therefore cut my long-runs back significantly. Despite my high mileage, I only ran 32kms 3 times in the whole training block. Because of my lifestyle, singles suit me better than doubles. So, basically I would mostly run between 2 and 2.5 hours per day, either on the treadmill or on the road, in a single session. When it was only the road, it was all at my easy pace of between 4:55 and 5:15m/km. On the treadmill, it was mostly more in the easy/moderate category, except the “workouts” which I have already mentioned. But there was, as a result, no major distinction between “normal” runs and “long” runs. Most of my runs hovered between 25km and 30km and I never did long runs with marathon pace segments in them (again, based on the overall formula of only doing quality on a treadmill.)


  
**Weight/nutrition and lifestyle challenges**


  
One of the reasons I started exercising was to lose weight, and I put my hand up to say I have an unhealthy relationship with food, which I am trying my best to improve. I lost quite a lot of weight on my running journey between 2017 to the beginning of 2022. But, at 179cm, I was still hovering around 77-80kg during the dark years of Covid. At the beginning of 2022, I made a firm decision to try cut some weight to become faster. I brought my weight down to 70kg, and then have managed to keep it in the 70 to 72km range ever since. Probably from a combination of my inherent gluttony and maybe age, even with 14 hours of running a week, I STILL had to watch my calories very carefully. I am one of those people who can only look on in jealousy at all the people on the running subs complaining about too much weight loss in training and how much they have to eat when they exceed 100km per week. To be clear: I am not minimising the threat of REDS or trying to glamourise eating disorders. I am just making the point that, regardless of my mileage, I have to be very careful about what I eat, and wish I didn’t have to be! This year, I was finally diagnosed with ADHD and put on meds after years of symptoms (since childhood, really). This gave me an additional modification to my lifestyle to navigate from a running perspective. At first, I lost some weight because the meds repressed my appetite. But I quickly got past that and, if anything, the meds started making me want more simple sugar than before, which made it a bit harder to stick to my nutrition goals. The real issue arising from the diagnosis – which overall has been a net positive – is that I have a job which requires a LOT of writing, and I have become much more productive; but, this means that I am much more tired from working than I was in the past. The meds have also affected my sleep mildly/moderately, which was an additional challenge. On the plus side, the meds make running more enjoyable because I no-longer have a million thoughts bouncing off the walls the whole way through a run. So that has been nice.


  
**Tools of the trade – before and during the race**
  


I thought it best to deal with all tools of the trade (race-week nutrition, supplements, shoes etc) in one place. Regarding nutrition – in the week before the race, I ate a low-carb diet on days 7, 6, 5 and 4 before the race and then hit 600g or more of carbs for the 3 days before the race. I know that the low-carb v high-carb approach has been largely discredited by sports nutritionists who believe that it does more harm than good (higher injury/illness risk, versus insufficient carb-loading gain). But I have tended to like it because it also helps me keep intake down in the last week, when mileage is low. This time, though, I had the most terrible attack of GI distress on the Friday before the marathon. It was so bad that I almost decided not to travel to Cape Town. As a result, I don’t think I can risk any more extreme eating experiments so close to a marathon. In my next block, I hope to stabilise my weight early in the base building phase, and then just try eat normally from then on without doing anything extreme.


  
I added 6g of beta-alanine to my diet one month before the race and 16g per day of beetroot powder (thanks for the dosage in a previous Q&A u/whelanbio) one week before the race. I upped this to 32g on the two days before the race, and took 32g 2 hours before the start.


  
One last controversial thing about me and nutrition: I have a sensitive stomach, and have had multiple GI distress incidents during longer runs. As a result, I now eat ZERO solid food for 36 hours before the race. This means eating a lot of sweets on the day before the race, which I thought I would love doing but really hated. On the advice of several users on this sub whose usernames I cannot locate now, but to whom I am immensely grateful, this marathon I made sure to take a lot of sodium the day before. I generally have a pretty high-salt diet, and I have overlooked this previously. As a result, I have struggled in the 48 hours before a race, and in the race itself (arguably – I say this with no scientific evidence and mindful of the recent thread about the overblown need for electrolyte supplementation during a marathon). I felt much better this year, and think the sodium really helped. During the race, I simply drank to thirst and I took 4 salt tabs halfway through. Again, I know from recent threads that the jury is still out on the need for electrolyte supplementation during races. All I know is that I felt better hydrated this year than I did last year and I think the salt may have helped me. 


  
I have read many threads on this sub about the importance of nutrition during the race, and probably underfueled in the past. For Two Oceans in April I experimented with taking a Maurten gel every 20 mins, and I think that it really helped me. For Sunday’s marathon, I took a gel at the start and then one roughly every 4km, making a total of 10 Maurtens (1000 calories) for the race. I really think that this made a MAJOR difference.


  
My shoes for the day were Endorphin Elites. I used them for Two Oceans and really have come to love them.
  


I don’t like things jingling in my pockets, but needed somewhere to keep my gels. So, I used an excellent hydration vest, with the bladder removed, for storage. I looked around the A corral at the start and realised I was pretty much the only one using a vest. It made me laugh because there was a Q&A recently where someone asked “what do you take to the marathon start line?” And someone whose name I now forget but who is a sub 2:40 marathoner wrote something like: “A fast runner brings a watch. A hobby-jogger brings: a hydration vest, fuel belt, watch, music, gels and liquid nutrition etc..” So I felt even more like a hobby-jogger than usual, but it was very comfortable and served me well.


  
**Pre-race and the race itself**
  


I have covered most of the pre-race details above. I had to travel to Cape Town alone because my kids have school at the moment and my wife had work commitments. I arrived late Friday afternoon and went straight to the expo. There were no lines to collect my race number, which was a relief, and the expo was okay (nothing mind-blowing). I didn’t stay long. I had a quick dinner at a restaurant and then just surfed Reddit for the rest of the night. The day before the race, I did my thing of just eating sweets all day (see above) and, unfortunately, had to spend most of the day in the hotel room working because I am a lawyer and had to be in court on the day after the race. On the bright side, it kept me off my feet.


  
On the morning of the race, I ate 170g of carbs in the form of more sweets roughly two hours before the start, with about 32g of beetroot powder (maybe a little less – I didn’t have a scale in the hotel and didn’t want to overdo it), some coffee and some salt. As I mentioned already, I then had a Maurten 100 on the start line (roughly five minutes before the start) and then another one roughly every 20 minutes (roughly 4km) until about 30 mins to go (at which point I was teetering on the edge of stomach discomfort from drinking a bit too much in one go, and decided to stop taking anything more in and just go; I know the research about the benefits of a carby mouthwash or something like that, but I also know that not much would be absorbed in less than 30 mins anyway, and preferred to focus on the effort at that stage).


  
I don’t want to bore you any further with a detailed account of the race. I will only note the following:


  
\-Cape Town can be very windy and I don’t think I’ll try chase a PB in this marathon again (this was my third time doing it) – it is a bit of a no-mans-land type of race. It is not hilly or noteworthy in its difficulty. It claims to have a total elevation of 242m, but I clocked 373m (probably because my watch is inaccurate). NYC, by comparison, is apparently 246m. I know that NYC is considered tougher than Chicago, London or Berlin, but I don’t really consider a 240-250m gain to be mega-difficult. But the course is still undulating, and when you add in the heat in the last 90 mins or so (my guess is that the temp high in Cape Town that day was 27 Celsius, and it was probably more than 22 Celsius in the last 90 mins) it is not super easy. And then the great unknown is the wind – that’s a random Cape Town thing and you either get lucky or you don’t. We didn’t. There was a terrible headwind at various key parts of the race, and it never seemed to come to our aid in the opposite direction.
  

  
\-Cape Town is vying with Sydney to become the 7th World major. u/Acceptable_Tie_6893 ran Sydney recently and said that the word on the ground is that Sydney is all but guaranteed to win that title. This wouldn’t surprise me. I haven’t run Sydney, but there are too many features of Cape Town which I think would prevent me, if I had the power, from anointing it as a major. Leaving aside the wind (for which the organisers clearly cannot be blamed, but, given that it could happen any year, might be a negative factor), the communication from the organisers wasn’t great (they sent several ambiguous and misleading emails on minor topics in the days before the race) and the start was a bit shambolic (elites started at 6:15 and those of us in the A corral were meant to start at 6:17, but after the gun went off for the elites, I suddenly found myself racing – the A corral basically just started because there was no-one there to make it clear who had to start when).


  
\-There was a recent exchange here (I think maybe in the Q&As) about pacing. u/Krazyfranco made the point that the fitter you are, the less difference there should be between the perceived exertion of the first and second halves. Several people made the point that it should feel manageable to maintain goal race pace for the whole effort, but that it will just start to feel increasingly difficult in the second half. I didn’t really know what time to expect based on my training because I did no racing and had this weird hybrid form of training where I did no long runs outdoors at true marathon pace or better. So, I used Peter’s Race Pacer and set my target at 2:54, but on a course length of 42600m because one never runs a true 42.2km in the marathon (in the end, my Garmin/Strava logged 42.55km). I was basically within a few seconds (either up or down) of goal pace throughout the first 32kms. When I hit 32kms, I felt like I could go just slightly faster (so, 4:00 per km instead of 4:07 per km) and so I basically just upped the intensity ever so slightly all the way to the end. In the 40th and 41st kms, I manged 3:52 and 3:53 per km, and then I planned to try go hard in the last km. But then another vicious headwind struck, so I could only manage 4:00 on the dot for the last km. I still had no idea what actual time I was closing in on, because I stopped looking at my watch, but I then saw the race clock in the distance and realised I had the chance to go under 2:53. So, headwind or no headwind, I just went as hard as I could manage, which brought me to **2:52:41**.

**Post race**

Nothing to report about the aftermath of the race. I had to get on a flight, so just showered, checked out of the hotel, grabbed a quick bite next to the hotel and then went to the airport. I have to admit that I was ecstatic.


  
**The road ahead and conclusions so far**
  


It is hard to draw anything concrete from my experience so far. Sub 4 hours at Two Oceans is a silver medal and a bit of a big deal in the South African running community. My high mileage approach brought me within 3 minutes of silver at this year’s Two Oceans, and then my 2:52 last weekend. Those are both achievements which are relatively pedestrian for this sub, but which were beyond my wildest dreams even two years ago, let alone when I started. I honestly felt on Sunday that 2:45 for the marathon is not entirely out of the question for me. Certainly not guaranteed – of course not. But I certainly finished strong enough to feel that improvement for another couple of years is possible, especially if I can sustain this higher mileage. My PBs from my first 3:39 in 2017 each year are: 3:29 (2017) 3:13 (2018); 3:10 (2021); 3:00 (2022) and now 2:52 (2023). So, my next goal is to get silver at Two Oceans in April and then target a fast September/October marathon. Either way, the experiment continues......
  
 
Cross Training and effects on Aerobic Threshold

Hi all,

I am wondering if anyone can enlighten me on cross-training effects on aerobic threshold across different disciplines.

For example, I have \~10 years of Category 3/4 cycling racing with a solid base of zone 1/2 training that has allowed me a competitive speed at endurance efforts. I feel fantastic on a bike. However, once I started trail running about two years ago I noticed a substantial gap in my running-specific endurance deficiency.  It appears that my aerobic training in cycling has not contributed much to my aerobic running efficiency. Why is this?

My assumption is that both activities utilize different muscle groups, and I have not properly trained the metabolic pathways used specific to running. Is this a fair assessment? If so, what training benefits do translate between aerobic activities such as cycling/running/rowing/hiking/swimming, etc?

Put specifically, just how is my two-hour aerobic bike ride contributing to my aerobic training in my run, if at all?

Hope that isn’t too broad of a question. Thanks!

Your heart and lungs are strong from cycling, but your muscles are not used to the specific demands of running. There will be some general crossover, and you will be at a much higher initial level than a sedentary individual, but it takes time to gain the required adaptations.

Not sure how detailed you want to get.

Marathoners Training At Threshold: Are You Hitting the Right Pace?

I recently participated in an insightful field experiment with 13 runners from a local hobby running club. Most of us are recreational runners with marathon goals like sub-5 and sub-4 hours. A local coach gave us a brief introduction to lactate threshold training and demonstrated how some athletes estimate their threshold using a lactate meter.



Our objective was to see if we could sustain an effort corresponding to a lactate concentration between 2.0 mmol/L and 4.0 mmol/L, which is a rough estimate of the threshold for many runners, excluding the highly trained. Of course, lactate threshold is more nuanced, with individual variation playing a significant role. 



The task for each runner was to run a 10-minute interval at what they perceived as their **lower threshold effort**, followed by another 10-minute interval at a slightly increased effort and another at higher threshold. Threshold training is a staple in the weekly routines of the runners, so everyone should've had concept of what this intensity is. After a 15-minute warm-up that included drills, we began with the intervals..



**A word of caution:** these results are not scientific but rather observational and should be taken with a huge grain of salt. Please don't tell me how unscientific this is. I know it myself.



**Group A:** About half of the runners reached a lactate concentration well above 4.0 mmol/L after the first 10 minutes—far beyond the intended threshold zone. Their perceived effort was quite high, and they confirmed that this was the intensity they typically associate with threshold training. Their lactate levels spiked significantly after the next interval as well. This wasn't a suprise, since it is a common thing, that most runners run threshold's too fast.

  

**Group B:** The other half ran conservatively, with their lactate levels not even reaching 1.4 mmol/L, indicating they were far below the desired intensity. They seemed relaxed but it took them a bit of courage to run just a little bit faster. 



**Group C:** Only three runners accurately estimated their effort between 2.0 mmol/L and 4.0 mmol/L, describing it as “comfortably hard.” After increasing the pace slightly in the second interval, their lactate readings rose by about 0.2 mmol/L, staying within the threshold range. Their ability to estimate threshold was quite good on that day. 



This experiment led me to an interesting realization: the runners in Group B, who underestimated their effort, exclusively trained for marathons and half marathons. Their narrow focus on these distances may have limited their understanding of different paces and efforts. Some had never even attempted distances shorter than a half marathon because they felt those races were "too hard." The results of those runners, have been stagnating for a while, even though they seem to run consistent mileage. The reasons could be multiple other reasons as well. Grain of salt.



In contrast, the runners in Group C, who accurately gauged their threshold, had experience across a wide range of distances, from 800 meters to marathons. This broad experience seemed to enhance their ability to judge different effort levels, and they’ve seen consistent improvements in their race times over the years.



As for Group A, I don’t know these runners well enough to draw conclusions, but their tendency to go too hard reminded me of my own experiences when I used to overestimate my efforts, often leading to blowing up brutally during races. 



This experiment got me thinking: **How many of us who primarily focus on marathons are actually hitting the right intensity during training?** 



While recreational runners don’t necessarily need lab tests, the old advice about not focusing solely on the marathon seems sound. Everyone, who want's to get faster at running, should be familiar with the different feeling of running all-out  800m, 5k, or 10k and know how these efforts compare to marathon pace.

A common question on this subreddit is "*How can I improve my marathon time from X to Y?"* One answer, that often pops up in the comments, is to look into other racing distances. There’s truth in that.

I’m curious to hear how others in the running community have experienced this. Do you focus solely on the marathon, or do you mix in shorter distances? Have you seen improvement's after running shorter distances?

[Research] over 10% increase in single-session distance over last 30 days maximum was found to significantly increase hazard rate. Week-to-week average distance increase was NOT found to increase hazard rate.

Study:

[How much running is too much? Identifying high-risk running sessions in a 5200-person cohort study | British Journal of Sports Medicine](https://bjsm.bmj.com/content/early/2025/07/07/bjsports-2024-109380)

"The present study identified a dose-response relationship between a spike in the number of kilometres run during a single running session and running injury development (table 1). Increased hazards of 64%, 52% and 128% for small (>10% to 30%), moderate (>30% to 100%) and large spikes (>100%) were found, respectively".

\---

Considering the typical "10% rule", this study, largest cohort to date, seems to refute that quite strongly and should be interesting to many. Then again I see that applied to both the total as well as single-run.

\---

I would still question some of the conclusions drawn by the authors:  
"Collectively, these findings suggest a paradigm shift in understanding running-related injuries, indicating that **most injuries** occur due to an excessive training load in a single session, rather than gradual increases over time."  
Those single-session injuries accounted for <15% of total, so in fact most injuries still happened for the regression/<10% increase group.

\---

Seems like an interesting piece of research. What do you think? I'm not in sports science but love reading other disciplines besides mine. I hope it's ok to post this stuff here. Would also love to hear from the actual people in the field why the 85% of the injuries happen that are not explained by week-to-week average increase or the single-session increase.

How do you add more volume without adding fatigue?

Hi. I'm a 22M training duathlons and triathlons and I'm currently doing a weekly avg of 7h of swimming, 7h cycling and 3h of running (30km avg weekly, with an easy trail run, a hard run and a 1h zone 2 run). 

Some days ago I PBd a 5k with a time of 15'55" and I think it's time to try and step it up a notch and add some running volume to my schedule so I can improve this time as I feel I could do better, but my swim and bike are not that good so I invest more time in those. 

What workout type would you recomend adding in my running schedule taking into account that I also have to cycle and swim through the week, time is not a problem as I am a student and all my swims are done early in the morning before class.

Your program needs to be considered in it's entirety. So we can't help you as things are posted because you just say what hours you dedicate to each sport.

You are going to have to balance everything out not just focus on one sport at a time.

I would say at your current volume you are going to have to cut something else to run more.

Honestly you probably should look at hiring a coach to help you balance all your goals. For most people 17 hours of training is going to be inefficient and usually over kill. You probably have some junk volume you can cut in there to make room for more efficacious workouts.
 
Boston Marathon - Pace Zones

I’m running Boston in a couple of days and trying to figure which pace to go for on the different parts of the course. Found an article referencing a big study of PBs and elite times on the course which analyses their splits as above or below their expected MP on a flat course.

Suggesting the best times come from those running positive splits but with the smallest swing between the first half of the race and the second.

This looks something like this:

about 4% faster than MP for the first 10k

About 3% for the next 15k (taking you to 25k)

Then about 6% slower than MP for the hills and even right in to the finish line. I calculated what paces this would give me (shooting for sub 3) - but was surprised that you go out above MP pace for basically 20-25k then expect not to get back to target MP even on the final downhill. Maybe I’m being naive regarding the damage done by the hills. any tips for pacing strategy over the main phases of the course?

Edit: here’s the link for anyone interested: https://medium.com/running-with-data/how-to-pace-like-an-elite-in-boston-4abf26e64bf8

Edit2: results:

Pretty happy with the result. Finished in 3:05 flat - which is a 4 min PB. And in the end I took u/nbptrnr ‘s advice and went out at goal MP or just a second or so above with the idea of having enough left in the legs to get back to and above MP for the final section of the course. 

However the hills plus the weather (headwind and rainstorm) was enough to do enough damage that I faded in the last section rather than sped up. Also a factor was that my MP was a big increase from my previous PB so it was a bit of a moonshot anyway. Perhaps on a flat course and in perfect conditions it was possible. 

In hindsight; thank god I didn’t go out so high above MP as the article recommends as I would have been in big trouble. Perhaps an even more conservative start would have saved me a minute or two on my final time but truth be told I think I wasn’t quite in sub 3 shape plus the course and weather was enough to make it beyond what I could do on the day - no matter the clever pacing.

Had a fanstatic time though. What a race. Brilliantly organized, supported and run by the most enthusiastic people you can imagine.  Unforgettable day.

Pfitz Pace Tool — training paces, HR zones, and race equivalency from Advanced Marathoning + Faster Road Racing

I have been following Pfitz plans exclusively and wanted pacing that aligns exactly with the books, not VDOT approximations. So using ChatGPT (I know nothing about coding) I had this built for me to use but thought others following Pfitz might find it useful too so I wanted to share. This actually took a LOT of time going back and forth with it for debugging and layout changes but overall it seems to work good now. If you find any issues or inconsistencies let me know and I’ll make any necessary changes. 

Enjoy! :)

https://joeyp.github.io/Pfitz-Pace-Tool/

For the high volume runners (averaging 70+ mpw), how often do you buy new shoes?

And additionally- I know a lot of runners that have a pair of shoes for easy/recovery runs, shoes for workouts, and racing flats and spikes. 

Do any of you high volume trainers have multiple shoes just for easy/ non-workout runs, besides when you’re rotating in a new pair?

Until they're literally falling apart. My possibly-insane conspiracy theory is that we're all conditioned to replace our shoes wayyyy more than necessary to increase sales.

Can someone break down the physiological changes that occur as you get faster? From base/volume training to high intensity "peaking" work what changes are we trying to make in the body?

I've been running for 10+ years now and realized I dont know why the workouts we do make us faster.

Long run or cumulative volume?

https://www.trailrunnermag.com/training/camille-herron-says-skip-the-long-run/

Referencing the very interesting article above, I’d love to hear about people’s experiences using the less traditional approach to marathon/ultra training which avoids long runs, instead focusing on cumulative volume over time and often splitting long runs into two shorter sessions on the same day.

How has that affected both your performance in races and injury prevention?

While this article frames her approach as unique or groundbreaking (and maybe it is in the world of 100-mile running), it's pretty basic stuff in the world of athletics. I'm reading here that she:

•⁠Keeps long runs under 20 miles
•⁠Runs doubles
•⁠Does two workouts per week
•⁠Trains at altitude

Basically, what most elite runners competing over 1500m to marathon have been doing for the last few generations. Maybe ultra runners are just figuring it out now, too.

Yeah, this doesn’t really work as an excuse for a dude running 50mpw to keep his long runs short cos he doesn’t like them. Feel like that is likely the vibe in which this is being presented.

Why increase frequency before volume?

In 80/20 by Matt F., he recommends getting to running 6-7 days a week if you’re currently running 3-4, and THEN increase average duration to an hour or more for each run. Perhaps this is in the context of non-injury prone people? 

I’ve had bouts of shin splints and posterior tibial tendinitis six months in and I’ve found that the rest days/cross-training days have been crucial to me not aggravating or bringing back minor pain so my only options have been to increase mileage on the few days I’m actually running. At least, I thought I had I had never tried the opposite way. Granted I wasn’t doing step cycles the first few months like I should have and definitely ramped up too quickly.

I’m currently just doing base training right now in preparation for 10k training cycle in January. 16 MPW , 2 foundation runs (3.5-4 miles each) 2 30-minute elliptical, 1 long run (7 miles last), 1 recovery run (2 miles Z1). Increasing a mile in the long run weekly.

I just finally added a 4th running day and am only running it in zone 1 as a recovery run.

I’m open to rewriting the playbook to include even more running days and restarting at lower volumes if you guys think that’s solid advice.

Increasing frequency before volume in training helps your body adapt gradually, improving recovery and reducing the risk of injury. More frequent but shorter sessions build consistency and allow for manageable fatigue, making it easier to eventually increase intensity or duration. This progressive approach enhances performance without overwhelming the body early on.

How do you define threshold effort in your own training?

I’ve been thinking about the recent thread where people were debating what threshold pace actually feels like. Some said 40 minutes at threshold should feel very hard, others said if it’s done right it shouldn’t feel that tough until the end. I’m trying to dial in my own LT workouts and I’m curious how people here personally gauge it. Do you go by heart rate, a specific pace range, or purely feel? And when you’re doing longer threshold work like 4x10 minutes, do you aim to finish each rep feeling like you could hold it for another 5 minutes or are you truly at the limit?

In my own training, I usually use “tempo” to denote LT1 and “threshold” to denote the tougher LT2

Why does threshold training give such tremendous benefits when the RPE is so relatively low?

In shorter interval training you often reach a 9/10 RPE and it’s kind of a consensus that you need that level of effort to get the most out of it. But in threshold training you hold at most 40min at a pace where you can hold for an hour which has an effort level of around 6-8/10. Yet it’s arguably the most important training run for most distances from 5k to marathon. Just curious

If 40’ at threshold feels easy you probably aren’t running at threshold. 

Lactate Threshold work versus Sub-threshold work during marathon blocks

I'm writing to get a pulse from this community of how folks prioritize threshold volume compared to sub-threshold volume during a 12-18 week marathon block. I know these terms are thrown around a lot, so I'll provide some background, definitions, and personal experience / opinion to tee up a discussion.

**Background:** there was an [interesting post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/1hsphts/why_generic_plans_didnt_work_for_me_or_how_i/) yesterday about a runner who focused on threshold work 2x per week for 3 months. The OP had some good gains from running 6-10 miles per week at threshold with a total volume of about 50-55 MPW. Some comments tried to clarify whether he was running at threshold or subthreshold, and OP indicated he was running at true threshold. I believe this means OP was running 10-20% of his total weekly volume at LTHR2.

**Definitions**:

* **Lactate Threshold:** for purposes of this discussion, lactate threshold is the point where lactate begins to accumulate rapidly in the blood as your body can't clear it fast enough. We're talking about Lactate Threshold Heart Rate (LTHR2) - this occurs around the border of "Zone 4" and "Zone 5," typically around 85-90% of maximum heart rate. It's the highest threshold where lactate accumulation accelerates dramatically. For example, I've measured my LTHR2 at 176 bpm.
* **Subthreshold**: This is a workout done about 10-15 beats below LTHR and is typically considered Zone 3. This is performed at about 88-95% of LTHR2. This work has been popularized by the Norwegians because it builds aerobic capacity without excessive fatigue, allows for higher weekly mileage, and is lower risk than traditional threshold work.

**Experience**. In my last marathon training block, I was running about 10-20% of my mileage at LTHR2. I did one threshold workout per week, and occasionally finished my medium-long and/or long runs at or around LTHR2 for the last couple miles. By the end of the block, my legs and nervous system were cooked and I had overreached. I think I peaked about 8 weeks before the marathon when I ran a PR half marathon. I did set a PR at the marathon, but I didn't hit my A or B goals. My half marathon time indicates I should have been about 10-15 minutes faster in the marathon.

**Opinion**. I'm starting a 16 week marathon block and planning to do most of my workouts in the subthreshold range. I'll likely only tap into LTHR2 once every 3-4 weeks for 20-30 minutes, especially as the marathon gets closer. My thinking is that too many threshold sessions will be detrimental as they deplete significantly more glycogen; increase injury risk; limit weekly mileage due to recovery needs; and develop the wrong energy systems (lactate tolerance vs aerobic efficiency).

I plan to focus on subthreshold workouts 1x per week and run strides 3-4x week, while keeping my volume high (60+ mpw). Most of the rest of my runs will be in "zone 2," which I define as 80-88% of my LHTR (141-155 BPM). I will also aim to finish many medium-long and long runs at or around marathon pace, which should be subthreshold.

**Questions**.

* How does this community think about threshold v. subthreshold in a 16 week marathon block?
* Are more traditional training plans, like Pfitz and Jack Daniel's, prescribing too much threshold work for the vast majority of marathoners?
* If you prioritize subthreshold, how do you ensure you stay there? I'm using a Coros arm band and have a good sense of my LTHR, so I plan to use heart rate. Curious if others are drawing blood or using other methods?

**Edit - Adding a bit of background for clarity. I'm not looking for advice per se, but interested in the group's thoughts on the topic.**

Last year, I ran a 18 min 5k, 39 min 10k, 1:25 HM, and 3:12 marathon. I was disappointed with the marathon as I thought I was in 2:58 - 3:03 shape. I've casually run for about 15 years, but I started racing and taking training more seriously about 2 years ago. All my times last year were PRs.

I'm currently starting another training block for a Spring marathon. My primary goal is to improve on my 3:12 time, ideally 3:05-3:08. So, my marathon pace is around 7:10 per mile.

For a workout, my threshold pace would likely be around 6:15-6:30 min/mile. My subT pace closer to 6:45-7:00 min/mile.

Understanding Lactate Threshold Workouts

I am trying to gain a deeper understanding of the impact, and difference between different LT workouts - especially between cruise intervals and steady state runs.

Both Daniels and Pfitzinger speak about LT work in their books and the overarching benefit/place for them in a program, but neither really addresses the reasons why you would run different LT style workouts.

Take for example these (randomly made-up to make my math easier) LT workouts:

* 6 x 1m w/ 1min rest
* 3 x 2m w/ 2min rest
* 2 x 3m w/ 3min rest
* 6m at LT

In all of these examples the LT work is 6 miles, but they are different workouts. My questions (and for discussion) relate mainly to what different training stimulus they provide, and when would you run one instead of another? Are some better earlier in a program, are some better for shorter races (say 5K vs Marathon), are some better at ultimately providing superior LT improvement, should they be used as a ladder as fitness improves moving from shorter internavls to steady state?

Just trying to get a better grasp on how they fit into a program, and any other considerations when utilising LT runs that I may not have previously thought about.

Advice on improving from 3:50/km threshold to 3:30/km and below?

Hello Advanced Runners! 

I'd like to hear some of your thoughts, opinions and advice to keep making progress in my running journey.   
Current PBs are 1:28 HM , 38:08 10k and 18:30 5k. This is after 2 years of running, with 2 major plans for half marathon distance, gradually increasing from 30 to 60km/week. Not a lot of extra strength work.  
I come from a basketball background (from 5 years old until 19 years old) with 3 trainings a week + a game at the weekend. Trainings consisted of plenty of strength and conditioning work. I'm always guessing this shaped somehow my aerobic and anaerobic engine along with strong tendons, joints, etc.   
I remained physically active between 19 and 24, but not as focused. Since two years now (24-26yo), I have taken up running again and I love the progress I've been making, along with participating in amateur events to chase my PB's. 

More specifically I brought down my 10k time from 45mins to 38min in roughly 1year. Same applies to my HM from 1:42 to 1:28.

My threshold pace therefor lays somewhere around 3:50/km I guess. I can hold +90% of my max heart rate along the whole HM distance. I'm just curious how I can keep improving further, let's say a threshold between 3:20 and 3:30/km. Where should I bring my focus to? Are there still a lot of improvements to make physiologically, conditioning-wise? Or should I focus on strength work?

Thanks for your insights!

Honestly if you’re running 30k per week, your plan to increase to 60k is probably going to deliver the greatest benefit over the next year or two.

I’d try to keep the additional volume fairly easy. It might seem counterintuitive, but a strong base of Z1/Z2 volume makes your tempo and speed work more effective.

Four years ago I worked hard to go sub-18 in the 5K for the first time in 20+ years. Lots of intervals and speed work. I got to 18:12, but couldn’t crack it.

Switched to ultrarunning for a few years, doubled my volume and did 90% of it in Z1/Z2. Very little speed work. Jumped into a local charity 5K six weeks after a 100-miler. Felt good, sent it, and smashed that goal time.

Is it a mistake to delay threshold while increasing volume?

Currently running about 60km per week. 3:28 marathon last autumn and 1:29 half last year.

Over the next 3/4 months I’m planning to gradually build towards 100km per week and keep everything easy. No structured threshold or VO2 sessions for now. I’ll keep strides in twice a week and occasionally let a long run progress a bit, but no proper workouts.

My thinking is that what limited me in the marathon was aerobic depth and durability rather than lack of speed. I’d rather spend a solid block getting comfortable at higher volume before adding intensity back in

Has anyone here done something similar at this level? Any real downside to leaving out LT work for that long as long as mileage is moving up?

if the end goal is to get faster then just slowly progressing volume while keeping workouts in is probably a better bet imo. The magical thing about high volume is it lets you do higher volume workouts without getting injured. Running 100km / week all 100% easy will not get you as fit as 70km / week with workouts.

Edit: if you're dead set on upping volume as much as possible then maybe keep 1 unstructured threshold-y workout a week or something

Replacing long runs with long thresholds + doubles — is it more beneficial?

I’ve been running for 15+ years, and long runs have always been a slog for me. Basically just doing 7:00-8:00 pace until my legs turn to cement. Sometimes I’ll add a tempo/strides/faster miles, but the slogging feeling is always the same. Heart rate usually starts in 130s and progresses to 155-160.

Over the past year or so, I’ve been replacing Sunday long runs with longer thresholds of 8-12 miles. These are usually somewhere between 5:50 and 6:05 pace, and my heart rate usually gets close to 10K race effort zone by the end (170-175ish). I’ll also add a double sometimes on these days to get 16-19 miles total (vs. 15-16 for a normal long run). I feel like this eliminates the slog feeling and gives me more aerobic benefit while keeping total mileage about the same or better.

I’ve been running for a while and have a pretty good idea of what I’m doing, but I still wanted to see if anyone on this sub has some additional perspective on this. What are the benefits (or downsides) of skipping the long run for a threshold? And has anyone seen tangible performance benefits from doing something similar?

For context, I race every distance between 5K and half marathon.

If you are training for 5K to half marathon (especially half marathon), the long run is really important. There is a specific benefit to running for an extended period of time in one go as opposed to 2 broken up runs. You might be able to get away with capping your LR at 12 and then doubling, but I feel like we are missing the full picture here.

The fact that you have been running 15-16 mile long runs for 15+ years and they have always felt like a slog makes me think there might be a big opportunity to improve your training. Could you expand more on that? What’s your weekly mileage like? What does a typical middle-of-the-training-cycle week look like for you? What are your favorite/best workouts? What workouts are the hardest/do you struggle with the most? Could you expand more about what you mean by “sometimes I’ll add a tempo/strides/faster miles”? Would that look like 4 warmup, 4 tempo, 8 more, or more like 10 up, 4 tempo, 2 cooldown?

Training report: Trying Bakken double threshold days for a marathon

My last marathon was back in July, and I was vaguely using Pfitz 18/70. I touched upon the race in this [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/vrvcfm/midrace_dead_legs_blown_quads_acute_muscle/). 

After I got my mojo back, I picked out a potential redemption target race in October. There were 12/13 weeks in between.

Having been somewhat obsessed with Bakken ever since it was [posted here 8 months ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/sca3g4/the_norwegian_model_of_lactate_threshold_training/), and despite initial reservations, I wanted to do something novel rather than re-visit Pfitz or Hansons to bridge the marathons, so I set out to incorporating double threshold work in my training.

**The training plan:**

Assume easy runs outside of the key workouts. I've bolded the double threshold sessions.

|Weeks until race week|Key workouts|Mileage|
|:-|:-|:-|
|12|Recovery week|13km / 8mi|
|11|21km LR|69km / 42mi|
|10|VO2: 16x400m (30 sec walk recov), LT: 2 x 4km, 28km LR|97km / 60mi|
|9|VO2: 7x800m (45 sec walk recov), 31km LR|103km / 65mi|
|8|34km LR|107km / 66mi|
|7|**AM: 8km @ MP, PM: 5x1km @ LT**, 5k TT (17:30), 34km LR|119km / 73mi|
|6|**AM: 2x4.4km @ MP, PM: 5x1km @ LT**, 35km LR|103km / 64mi|
|5|**AM: 4x2.5km @ MP, PM: 16x1min on, 30 seconds off @ LT**, 25km LR (calf strain)|95km / 59mi|
|4|HM tune up: 1:16 (1 minute PB)|92km / 57mi|
|3|**AM: 10km @ MP, PM: 5x1km @ LT**, 38km LR|130km / 80mi|
|2|(Sore soleus) 31km LR|56km / 34mi|
|1|**AM: 10km @ MP, PM: 4x1.25km @ LT**, 6km at MP, 27km LR|104km / 64mi|
|0|Goal marathon: 2:41 (6 minute PB)|90km / 55mi|

**Why I tried the double threshold approach:**

* It's clear enough that training the lactate threshold is super effective for running faster times. The idea that you could fit more of it in by running at marathon pace or so appealed a lot to me, as I've been doing a lot of it the last two years or so, to the point where it's become very comfortable. And that's the point, for experienced runners, MP should be a walk in the park (compared to LT, VO2 speeds).
* I figured that a lactate monitor was unnecessary for an amateur runner. For most experienced runners, you can derive the appropriate training paces based on your 10k, HM, and M paces.
* Schedule: My current work schedule is odd. I prefer to do key workouts on my days off, and used to do workouts on Tuesday and Thursday/Friday (in that Hansons-esque structure). Now, only my Tuesdays and Wednesdays are free, so I can fit in a double workout on one of those days.
* *Note: Bakken is famous for double double threshold days, that is, two days of double threshold. I only did one day of double threshold.*

**How I adapted Bakken:**

* Bakken makes few references to marathon training. Of note, he makes a point of saying that continuous threshold work is needed more, compared to in 1500m to 10km training (as opposed to interval training). The main example of continuous work is found in Bjornar Kristesen's training log, where he does 6.4km at 3:14-18min/km, HR 161-168, lactate at 1.9mmol/L. That's 21 minutes of continuous running.
* So I just started at arbitrary point of 8km at 3:48min/km (my target/presumed MP pace), which is 30 minutes of running. Comparing to Pfitz and Hansons, I thought this was quite a reasonable distance and time. I capped it at 10km or so.
* In terms of the PM session, which I understood to be roughly at 10km or HM pace (shorter intervals = faster paces in order to elicit the appropriate lactate response). In the Bakken write-up, the interval work (for 3.5mmol/L lactate) examples include 10 x 1km (1 min rest), 25 x 400 (30 sec rest), 40 x 1 minute (not sure of rest), 12 x 1km.
* I kept it simple, and again, trying to keep it as marathon specific as possible, went with the longer 1000m reps. I picked an arbitrary 5 reps for 5km in total, which would leave the amount of total threshold around 13-15km for the week.
* Besides the twice-a-week double threshold days, Bakken employs another workout day, which he calls an "X element". Essentially, another session involving faster than threshold paces. At the risk of destroying myself, I didn't always employ this extra day. I used parkrun as one X-element day; a focus on strides/repetitions; hill sprints on another (which subsequently strained my soleus).
* I wanted to be mindful of the ratio of speed work to total mileage (training intensity distribution). Looking at Bjornar Kristensen's sample training week of 178km, it contains 37.8km of threshold work, and 3km of hill work (X-Factor). That's 20% proportion of threshold work in the week. This appears to [match the results in another resource that I frequently go back to](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/tx2209/the_training_characteristics_of_worldclass/), in regards to the proportion of tempo runs in their training. So the 13-15km total of threshold runs that I did seemed to be in proportion for my weekly mileage (\~100km)... upon reflection, I possibly could have added a bit more. This is also why I didn't do two days of double-threshold, as it would have blown out that ratio.
* Basic periodisation: Few weeks of 5km pace work to give the VO2max a boost, and to acquaint my legs with speed again. Beyond that, there wasn't much information on how to periodise macrocycles.
* Revisiting this [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/sgpg96/marius_bakken_100_day_marathon_program/), /u/Florentin_Siasok recently mentioned the "Reverse periodization" style which influenced the above choice to start with faster work. I can't remember where else I read that Bakken adopted this model for his own training (again, [it matches the characteristics of what the elite marathoners are doing](https://sportsmedicine-open.springeropen.com/articles/10.1186/s40798-022-00438-7)). Otherwise, the plan was to simply lay on the double threshold days, and take a down week every few weeks. 

**Reflection:**

Did it work? I have no idea. The marathon itself was uneventful. There were no dead quads this time around--it was marathon pace effort from start to finish. 

Certainly, I seemed to get fit quickly, but I'm mindful that all this training was built upon the previous marathon training block. I could have been in 1:16 shape in the Pfitz block, but I caught a cold just prior to the tune-up HM. I could have been in 2:41 shape, but for those dead quads.

Surprisingly, I did not find the double workout days to wear me out, and was still capable of hitting the 10km/HM paces in the PM. Though considering the re-occurrence of calf strains in this cycle as well, I can't say whether the double-workout days contributed to that or not.

Compared to the Pfitz approach:

* I only did one midweek MLR.
* my longest MP run was 10km (compared to 21.1km at MP)
* my longest run was 38km (compared to Pfitz's prescribed longest LR of 35km)
* my taper was very chaotic. The calf was sore two weeks out (56km week), so I did a catch up week one week out. So it was arguably a one week taper.

**What's next?**

As soon as I recover from the marathon battering, the plan is to take the double threshold model and work on my 5km PB (to chase sub-17 again, and far beyond... [VDOT calculator](https://runsmartproject.com/calculator/) suggests my 1:16 HM should translate to a 16:34 5k). 

I am envisioning a 12-14 week block. 4 weeks of VO2 work, then into the double threshold weeks (smaller MP runs, more fast LT intervals). Down weeks as usual. X-Elements of strides/repetitions, or tune-up 5km races. Still remains to be seen if I can fit in another day of threshold work in there.

**Questions:**

* Have you ever tried this Norwegian style of double threshold training?
* Do you have any thoughts on how to adapt it to various race distances, including the marathon?
* Have you come across any further resources on this style of training?

3:15 Marathon indicators

What are some tempo/repeat workouts that'll indicate if you're in 3:15 shape?  I'm a 26 yo Male. I recently ran a 30min tempo at 7:04min/mile pace and definitely felt like I had a lot more in the tank. I'm currently maintaining base mileage (40mpw) for when I start Pfitz's 18/55 plan in late November. I plan on adding 1-2 easy aerobic runs per week to the Pfitz plan, so that the plans begins at 40 mpw, tops off at 60, and averages at 50 mpw over 18 weeks

Half marathon is going to be your truest indicator

If you can run 1:30 for the half you should have a good shot at 3:15 for the marathon

With your mileage i would focus on getting your long run up to 20 miles and long tempos, 4-9miles at MP

Has VO2 max being overhyped by health influencers, resulted in it being under-hyped?

I’d been listening to a podcast with Olav Bu where he discusses how VO2 max is very trainable.

After that I’d seen people on social media telling others that VO2 max doesn’t matter for running performance half-marathon and above, & it’s got a genetic limit.

From what I understand, it has a limit but a lot of people probably aren’t anywhere near it & can still improve.

Are these people confused with VO2 being a predicator for success at an elite level, whereas it’s still hugely important for sub-elite?

If someone has a VO2 max of 60 & another 50, regardless of LT & RE, I’d have thought the first person will be faster (exception to 100 mile ultras maybe).

I know that Steve Magness has questioned someone’s ability to target VO2 max through specific training, but Olav Bu seems to disagree with this?

Other question I’d thought about:

Do amateur athletes who are obsessed with longer distances hinder their growth, by focusing too much on heavy threshold work? 

VO2 max blocks seem to be pretty popular throughout other endurance sports like cycling, but is rarely spoke about with running.

Most of the elites who use threshold dominant programmes always seem to have a track racing history, & I’m guessing have a well VO2 through this way.

100% willing to be corrected on any misinterpretations I might have. Just random thoughts I had when running today.

I think the issue is more that very inaccurate VO2 readings from handheld gadgets have kind of made the metric feel less impactful. But it is still an important metric if measured correctly 

V.O2max vs. Threshold for less advanced runners (10k 35 - 45 min)

Hi,

Threshold training is gaining in popularity and it seems a lot of runners now «only» do threshold training when they run «hard», thus neglecting other types of workouts (V.O2max and running economy). I believe the popularity stems from the success of runners like Jakob Ingebrigtsen and Andreas Almgren which are very vocal about how much threshold running they do. 

Unfortunately I think replicating the professionals may be a big mistake for most runners. One of the reasons that professionals do a lot of threshold is that it is less demanding for the body when running lots of kilometers (170+ a week). Most non-professional runners only run 40 - 120 km a week and can therefore run harder when running hard, and I also believe that they have not at all maxed out their potential V.O2max values and running economy (which professionals might have).

What are your views on this topic? 

Note:

My understanding of threshold, V.O2max, running economy is based on how Jack Daniels defines it. Examples:

Threshold: 6 x 6 min @ 2-5 seconds faster than HM-pace, 1 min rest
V.O2max: 6 x 4 min @ 2 seconds faster than 5k-pace, 3 min jog as rest 
Running economy: 10 x 400 @ mile pace, 400 jog as rest

Don't worry about vo2 max

Hey folks, 

Latest [SweatScience newsletter](https://www.outsideonline.com/2418570/nike-breaking2-runners-lab-data) has the results of Nike's Breaking2 testing, and I found the vo2 max results to be surprisingly encouraging. In summary, the group of 16 runners had average PR's of 1:00:04 (HM) and 2:08:40 (FM) -- so world-class. 

But the surprising part? They didn't all have world-class vo2 max numbers! The range was from 65-77, which of course is good, but nowhere near [these record numbers](https://www.topendsports.com/testing/records/vo2max.htm).

So keep putting in the work, because running economy (and fatigue resistance) can be trained!

One reason why these records are nowhere near the highest records is because highest V02 numbers are not usually done with running.

V02 max is your maximun rate of oxygen consumption and muscles are the ones consuming the oxygen. So even with very good lung capacity and big hearth that can pump a lot of blood few small leg muscles just aren't consuming as much oxygen as doing whole body workouts like classic diagonal skiing (which is how most of those records are done) Study about this on the link below. Also cyclist have a lot of muscle mass in their legs compared to their weight which may be the reason for them being so high on the list but couldn't find a study confirming this.

also if you have access to read this study, it talks about roller ski skating v02 max being smaller than running but also citing the bigger v02 max from classic diagonal compared to running. Sadly I couldn't find the original study for it :(

VO2max training and running too fast

The goal of VO2Max training is to spend time at VO2Max.

I was watching Jack Daniel’s video about interval training and he said how it’s bad to run too fast during one interval because you’ll run a slower pace in subsequent intervals.

I’m confused because even though you’re running slower, it would seem like you could be working as hard as when you’re running faster e.g. even at a slower pace, you could reach the same heart rate as the faster pace

How does running a slower pace stop you from reaching your VO2Max oxygen consumption?

What action or processes have to happen for you to reach VO2max and what prevents them from happening when you run a slower pace?

There’s a few things happening with VO2 max:

1.⁠Max delivery of oxygen (heart rate pumping oxygenated blood to muscles).
2.⁠Mitochondria using oxygen to generate ATP (the fuel you’re burning to move).

Running faster means more energy demand for muscles. If you smash your first rep and then slow down for subsequent ones, your heart may be working as hard - and it will feel brutal - but your muscle fibre recruitment is lower, mirochondrial demand is lower and so on. Ie. Your body is not consuming oxygen at its maximal rate even though you might feel it is. So you’re not really training point (2) as much as you think you are.

Mechanical output suffers basically, meaning oxygen requirement is less, despite high heart rate. This also means poor form, increases injury risk, is hard psychologically and so on.

For VO2 max training you need high heart rate, AND to maximise oxygen demand. So sustainable and controlled fast reps are king.

How to improve your VO2 Max and Anaerobic Threshold? What kind of training do you do?

 

Hello people, I am looking to improve my sports performance a little more, reading a little I saw that the heart rate is used a lot to train in different areas where in each of them an aerobic or an anaerobic phase can predominate, to this is added the Vo2 max and anaerobic threshold.

From what I understood, the Vo2 max can be improved a lot or a little depending on the genetics, the idea of improving it is to increase our blood flow to bring more oxygen to our body and therefore increase the anaerobic threshold or delay its arrival.

What I did not understand very well is how to improve these aspects, what kind of training should I do to increase my Vo2 Max and my aerobic / anaerobic endurance to increase my anaerobic threshold?

I read some workouts such as that strength helps a lot because of slow fibers so that fast fibers and other intervalic types do not waste energy.

I wanted to know how you train him and what type of training they do.

How to improve your VO2 Max and Anaerobic Threshold? What kind of training do you do?

 

Hello people, I am looking to improve my sports performance a little more, reading a little I saw that the heart rate is used a lot to train in different areas where in each of them an aerobic or an anaerobic phase can predominate, to this is added the Vo2 max and anaerobic threshold.

From what I understood, the Vo2 max can be improved a lot or a little depending on the genetics, the idea of improving it is to increase our blood flow to bring more oxygen to our body and therefore increase the anaerobic threshold or delay its arrival.

What I did not understand very well is how to improve these aspects, what kind of training should I do to increase my Vo2 Max and my aerobic / anaerobic endurance to increase my anaerobic threshold?

I read some workouts such as that strength helps a lot because of slow fibers so that fast fibers and other intervalic types do not waste energy.

I wanted to know how you train him and what type of training they do.

High VO2Max but still dull race times

Hey!  
I was fortunate enough to get tested in probably the most serious testing lab in our country (FIFA approved etc.) and my VO2Max came out as 64,5/ml/kg. Of course it was measured with an oxygen mask (or whatever it's called).

As far as I know it's pretty good, but my times are not showing this. The previous weekend I ran a 18:10 5K so I started thinking what I'm missing. Which areas are far behind? Could this be due to high inefficiency? Or is it just normal? I'm 18M, around 132lbs/60kg.

Further to this, there are also more important metrics that come out of a VO2 max test including:

•⁠Your thresholds (VT1 and VT2), and if training by heart rate, what fraction of max heart rate (MHR) this is for you. For trained athletes, VT1 should be around 70-75% MHR and VT2 85-90% MHR.
•⁠Your velocity at VO2 max (vVO2max). This tends to be 3K pace for fast runners.
•⁠Your running economy (RE) at various speeds (commonly measured at 16 km/h). Sometimes a different test as you need 5+ minute stages, an a RE of < 200 mL/km/min (~53 mL/kg/min @ 16 km/h) is great.

Also you want to do a protocol that keeps the incline at 1% and increases the speed until exhaustion. This way you also get your pace at VT1 and VT2.

Source: I've done almost 20 VO2 max tests!

does "grit" always need to be trained? (re: Norwegian Singles Method)

The Norwegian Singles Method is 3X/week threshold work and lots of easy running. Boring and low impact. Stack those bricks month after month.  
  
The promise of the NSM, for me, if it pans out, is achieving similar outcomes with less insane VO2 max/other workouts that leave my psychologically and physically gassed.

I did my first marathon in 20 years off of the Pfitz 12/55 plan and it kicked my butt, esp. the marathon-paced long runs. I was only 25 MPW going into it, so that was part of it. 

I have no doubt that those workouts provided an incredible stimulus. I +/- hit my pace targets on race day.

However, part of race day performance is grit... just continuing to turn the legs over and pace the effort to the finish line. Maybe by training in high school, or natural disposition, that's never been a problem for me. Not pleasant, certainly, but I've never blown up or just quit a race, usually hitting pretty close to my physical limit. \*If\* the grit is mostly psychological, it seems to me that it is now something innate, not something I need to regularly train (like musculoskeletal or cardiovascular fitness).

Racing is exciting to me, but painful. Type 2 fun. I don't race every month. Maybe a few times a year. I don't really need to practice race performance. 

Perhaps I'm just talking myself out of hard workouts…

Is it true you're faster to lose fitness gained via speedwork/v02 max training than good old fashioned slow miles ?

Depends on the fitness you’re referring to. A few points to clarify

1.⁠Most people will lose aerobic fitness when they do speed work due to lowering miles somewhat. When you decide to replace a 10 mile General Aerobic day with a speedwork session, it’s probably not going to be 10 miles. You can help this by doing a longer warmup, cool-down and jogging in between reps
2.⁠It’s also worth noting that most people will lose speed when they only focus on building miles through slower easy runs. You’re gaining aerobic fitness but losing speed or endurance fitness (tempo, lactic acid resistance)
3.⁠Because of the two points above, most serious runners employ a mix of both easy mileage and harder sessions (2-3x per week) to get the best of both worlds.

How hard is a vO2Max session meant to feel?

I tried a vO2 interval session the other day.
I did 10x3min, w/ 3min rest. Was hitting 3:45-3:50min/km pace while reaching about 179-183bpm Max HR.

Normally I'm running ~100km a week, with one tempo session at about 4:30-4:45min/km pace.

It absolutely wrecked me though, I was positively wiped out! I couldn't run the next day, and the following two days I've managed very slow 6km runs, but it hasn't felt great.

I assume part of this is just the fact that my body has never felt that kind of training intensity before... But what are r/advancedrunning users' experiences of starting vO2 intervals?

edit: 25 Male, running for about 18 months so far.

10x3 minutes is a lot of repeats. I usually do 6x3 minutes or 5x4 minutes on the hardest days. However, I take half rest instead of full rest (2 minute rest for a 4 minute repeat). The last repeat should be very hard, but you should feel like, if you were in a race setting, you could probably scrape together one more repeat.

Vo2max Protocol: Norwegian 4 by 4 vs traditional 5-6x KM/Mile repeats?

Pretty basic (and possibly dumb) question but I wonder if there's any studies on the comparison and effectiveness of the two protocols for boosting Vo2 max or even just your general opinions from your own experiences?  


My vo2max workout of choice is 5-6 reps of 1KM repeats.

Typically at the 3:45-ish to 4 minute per km pace, with a 3 min recovery.

The Norwegian 4 by 4, is essentially the same (4 mins of a hard run, 3 mins recovery) and repeated only four times.

I heard a recent podcast of Dr Rhonda Patrick suggesting the Norweigian 4 by 4 was probably the best workout out there for vo2 max.

Given my current fitness level would essentially mean that my repeats are completed in roughly the same time, would it make sense to just warp that into a Norweigan 4 by 4, or still aim for 6 reps? 

I feel like I'm short changing myself and leaving gains on the table if I stop after 4, when I'm used to doing 6, but then again, why would the Norwegian protocol just stop after 4 reps and not keep going if it wasn't tested to be better?

 What am I missing?

I'm running upwards of 60KM per week at the moment, but plan to increase it to 75-ish next month for context. No specific performance goal, but biasing towards wanting to increase performance over HM/FM distances.

Nose breathing vs mouth breathing and reduced breathing and breath holds for increased running performance (Vo2max & running economy).

Patrick Mckeown argues that one can improve running performance by improving breathing. Improvments that he mentions is to ensure nose breathing around the clock (maybe with exception of competition). practicing reduced breathing and breath holds. 

What are your opinions of this? have you tried it?

---

http://oxygenadvantage.com/improved-running-economy/

Along with VO2 max, another performance measurement that is highly regarded by athletic coaches is running economy. This is defined by the amount of energy or oxygen consumed while running at a speed that is less than maximum pace. Typically, the less energy required to run at a given pace, the better – if your body is able to use oxygen efficiently, it is indicative of a high running economy.

There is a strong association between running economy and distance running performance in elite runners, where running economy is regarded as a better predictor of performance that VO2 max. For this reason, sports scientists, coaches, and athletes are keen to apply techniques that can improve running economy, such as strength training and high-altitude training. However, a third and far more widely accessible method of boosting running economy is to practice breath hold techniques, which have been proven to improve respiratory muscle strength and endurance.

 

**Improved Running Economy**

Eighteen swimmers, comprising of ten men and eight women, who were assigned to two groups. The first group was required to take only two breaths per length and the second group seven breaths.

Researchers found that running economy improved by 6% in the group that performed reduced breathing during swimming.

*See: Lavin, K. M.; Guenette, J. A.; Smoliga, J. M.; Zavorsky, G. S. Controlled-frequency breath swimming improves swimming performance and running economy. Scandinavian Journal of Medicine & Science in Sports 2013 Oct 24*

 

**Improved Running Time**

15 middle distance runners (600- 3000m) Breath holding was practiced over six weeks. Runners participated in official athletics competition before and after.

* First group- normal breathing +.03% improvement to time
* Second group- 15 to 20 minutes of breath holding on the exhalation once per week: +1.27% improvement to time
* Third group- 15 to 20 minutes of breath holding on the exhalation twice per week: +1.33% improvement to time
The results showed that all the runners who trained with breath holding on the exhalation twice a week improved their performance over distances ranging from 1200 meters to 3000 meters. The velocity improvement was 1.33% on average.

*Fortier E, Nadeau. Peterborough, Canada. (Cited in the book: Hypoventilation Training by Xavier Woorons from Paris 13 University)*

Does the average person worry too much about things like HR zones, stride rate, VO2max, perfect, etc.?

Maybe it's because I started running in HS, where none of us knew anything about the science behind the workouts we were doing and just followed what our coach told us to do. I've only learned about the significance of HR zones, stride rate, and what a VO2 max is in the past year or so, since I've gotten back into running. I've read Daniels Running Formula and listened to "Endure" by Alex Hutchinson, which delves into Lydiard quite a bit, so I know the general scientific background of all these things.

I understand that these are all real things that matter, but as a non-elite runner whose ceiling is realistically less than sub-elite (see my mile and 5K PR's from HS), I feel like worrying about these precise, scientific measurements is unlikely to provide a significantly higher return than simply listening to my body and going off of feel rather than stressing over whether my HR is too high even though I feel perfectly fine. It seems to me that simply following the general principle of 80/20 and using the VDOT tables as a rough estimate of paces I should be aiming for, adjusting for how that pace actually feels, will yield a similar result than getting into a microscopic level of detail about all of this. Apologies if this is a rambling post, but I'm just wondering if I'm missing out on a lot of progress by not having a HR monitor and the like. It seems like analysis paralysis to me.

I’m with you. I loosely follow a training plan for larger races and run by feel more than anything else. The increased need for metrics just seems to take the fun out of running for me.

Others may really like the analytics of it. It’s like fine tuning a car I guess.


Pfitz - why so many VO2max workouts?

Question for the Pfitz aficionados:

* In the book he says VO2max workouts should be used sparingly because of high injury risk and secondary importance of VO2max for marathon running compared to LT and endurance.
* However, 18/55 has only 6 LT workouts but 7 VO2max workouts. In particular, the later stages of the plan has them weekly.

I've got two questions:

1. What's the rationale behind this? Doesn't this contradict the statement in the book I reference?

2. Also, I noticed that the VO2max workouts alternate long (e.g. 5x1000m) and short (usually 5x600m) on alternating weeks. Why?

The question behind my question: I'm noticing that both Jack Daniels' 2Q and Hansons Beginner plans have you do much more fast work. Obviously, people still achieve great results with Pfitz and I'm trying to understand the mechanics of the plan better.

The tune-up races will train LT, and there are three 5x600m workouts which are baby workouts just meant to get the legs moving before the tune up races. These aren't really training VO2max very hard like 5x1000m is.

The "lack" of workouts is a pretty common talking point when comparing Pfitz to something like Daniels, but the special sauce in Pfitz is the medium-long and long runs. You should be finishing these runs not too much slower than marathon pace, and they should be treated as a quality session. Daniels on the other hand will have more work at T or M pace, but every other mile in the week is easy. Anyone saying Pfitz is easier because there are less workouts isn't running the long runs fast enough.

As for why VO2max is at the end of the plan, he says somewhere in the book the idea is to make marathon pace feel easier. This I'm a little more skeptical of, but that's his justification.

‘Polarized model’ not most effective for the average runner


  
The so-called polarized model is quite popular these days. However, I wonder if it truly is the most effective approach for the average runner.   

  
Personally, I don’t believe so. When 80% of your training consists of slow running in zone 1 (focused on fat metabolism), you risk spending many hours each week plodding along without maintaining elasticity or optimizing running economy. Additionally, most average runners have a 50-50 distribution of slow- and fast-twitch muscle fibers. The latter are partly aerobic, so why emphasize training the aerobic slow-twitch fibers and neglecting your extra aerobic fast-twitch engine?  

  
To recruit these fast-twitch fibers and activate them using carbohydrates and lactate as fuel, you need higher intensity training in the high-end aerobic zone. The reason this high-end aerobic area is skipped in polarized training is – according to those who advocate it - that “it is too slow to achieve a major training effect, but too fast to get through unscathed.” I don't agree.  
What are your thoughts?
 

Negative split attempts on 5k races lead to worse performance

I haven't found much on this so I apologise if there are any threads that already cover this. For the 5km race distance I have consistently found that attempting a negative split leads to dramatically worse performance even in the 2nd half of the race. My question, is there some physiological effect of running the first km or even 500m too slowly that stops you from reaching your potential later in the race. To take an example, my PR performances (on a flat equivalent course) would look roughly like this for the three mile splits.

\+0s, +2s, -3s

If the first mile is ran too quickly then it ends up being more like this: 

\-4s, +2s, +3s 

Where the last mile suffers but the time is still good. However if I run conservatively it always ends up looking something more like this

\+4s, +4s, +4s

Where the entire run is slow, and nothing is saved on the last mile. To be clear, the best performances are always a slight negative split, from having enough left in the bank for a good last 500m but deliberately attempting to run conservatively in the first mile always seems to make everything slow. Is there a physiological reason for this, does anyone else experience this effect in a 5km where running too conservatively particularly in the first 500m actually has a big negative impact on the entire race?


When you’re going for a 5k pb, the pacing is as follows:

Go out “too fast”, keep going that pace as long as possible, pb.

Yea I’ve never even considered pacing during a 5k. It’s just max effort that I can do for 20 minutes or less.

It sounds like your conservative running may not actually be conservative if you’re unable to go faster in the second half?

How do you prepare for race-day? What's your approach to shake-out runs, warm-ups, and nutrition?

I'm coming up on my first official half-marathon in 11 days. A couple years ago, I ran a 2:11 without any training but have been running consistently (30-50km weeks) for the past 5 months and have been training to hit a sub 1:40 (Goal A is 1:35). For my final long run, I ran 18km with the last 12km at 4:31/km (on pace for around 1:35).

I have a couple questions about the days leading up to the race and the morning of:

1. **Do you do a shake-out run the day before a half-marathon? I've seen talks about an easy 5km the day before? What do shakeout runs achieve?** My current plan has me tapering for the next 10 days with my last run being 4 x 1km intervals @4:25/km on Thursday (3 days before the Sunday race).

2. **I've seen some posts ([link](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/wjytvx/shake_out_runs_before_an_evening_race_whos_doing/)), which refer to running before a race to elevate blood flow and vasodilation in the hours before a race. What would be a recommended warm-up/morning-of routine?** The race start is 9:45 AM so I was planning on doing about a 1-2km easy run about 2 hours before (also to stimulate any last-minute bowel movements) before doing a final "easy" 500m-1km-ish jog and some strides about 30 minutes before the race. Is this a good idea?

3. In terms of nutrition, I'm planning on a caffeine gel at the start line, a regular gel at about 6-7km, and another caffeine gel at about 12-13km. **I have trained and done this on my long runs but is this overkill?**

4. **How do you decide what pace to run and how do you know if you're well prepared for race day?** I've been reading into negative-splitting but I'm nervous that I'll leave too much in the tank and go too slowly early on. I'm also very nervous that I'm ill-prepared and won't be able to sustain a 4:30/km pace for the whole distance (given at the end of the 12km at HMP, my HR was nearing 175-180 BPM, which is about 10-15 BPM off my max HR; upper zone 4 from the Karvonen MHR/RHR test I've done). I know it's too late to do an indicative workout at this point, but I'm lacking confidence in the training even though I know I've put in the work...

5. **Finally, is there anything else on race-day I should be prepared for?** I've only ever "raced" a 10k at a local park-run type event, which wasn't through streets and was quite flat and didn't train for that or have any expectations. 


***

Any insight into your pre-race routines and habits that you have found helpful would be great!

Running 4x1k at faster than HM pace 3 days before seems a little too close.  I'd do my last workout 5 days before.

HM negative split advice - help me believe!

My goal race, the Philadelphia Love Run HM, is this weekend. My A goal (1:29:xx) is much closer to "in the bag" than "moonshot" in likelihood - it'll be a first sub 1:30 effort for my 40-something running renaissance, but this training cycle has gone well.  
My coach is recommending a negative split strategy dividing the race in thirds, beginning +10s/mile slower than avg goal pace, dropping to goal pace (6:50ish), then finishing -10s/mile faster than goal pace, or faster if I feel good.   
I don't think I've ever negative split a goal race. My best races have been at even splits, and at worst (or probably most of the time) I go out too fast and hold on for dear life. I successfully did a HM as a progression workout long run a month before my fall marathon and it felt fantastic to let go and zoom through the final 5k. My training has included a lot of progression/cut down work -probably more than I've ever done - which gives me some confidence in my ability to follow this strategy....but I also feel nervous about having no margin of error late in the race.  
I guess I'd like to hear anecdotes from folks who take a negative split approach esp at/around HM distance. Also wondering if anyone has cautionary tales of where it failed spectacularly (i.e. you couldn't drop the pace) and you think you would have had better results aiming for steady pacing throughout. I've been running/racing for 30 years now and am not totally confident that this old dog still can learn new tricks 😂

Not a great strategy. If you don’t have a good idea of your fitness, or don’t have a goal in mind, sure starting off easier and working your way into race effort is a good way to avoid blowing up.

But if you have a clear goal of 1:29:xx you’d be better off just running 6:51/mile through 10 miles than seeing what you’re made of the last 5k.

The reason being that running 10 seconds under race pace is much harder than the “saving” you get from running 10 seconds over race pace. So you need to work harder to achieve the same time if you go that route.

Pros/Cons of racing with a pace group

Hi.

I am racing the Eugene Marathon next weekend aiming for sub 3hr. I am trying to decide if I should run with a pace group, or go out on my own, starting a bit slow and negative splitting. This is my second marathon but first one was in 2019 and that race did not offer any pacers. 

Id love to hear everyone’s experiences racing with pace groups (at Eugene or other races that size). What are both the pros and the cons? I train on my own and every half I’ve raced has been small enough that I run nearly the entire race alone, so I don’t have a benchmark for the benefits of being in a group.

Having done Chicago with a massive (60+ person at start 25 at finish) 3:05 pace group, the ability to hide from the wind, listen to some neat historical commentary about the neighborhoods and stay pretty much on track was well worth it.

I did hang back a touch in the less windy areas so I could better run the tangents but I definitely wouldn't have raced as well without them.

I've been paying it forward as a pacer for half marathons ever since and added 53 running jokes to my repertoire as an incentive to stay with the group.

Pros

1.you don't need to check pace

2.if it is windy, you can hide

3.you might talk with someone/not be alone

Cons

1.if you are relying on stations for water, there will be crowd, depending on the size of a marathon

2.they might have inconsistent pace, if the pacers are not that good

Anyone else have that one race that changed their beliefs about pacing/strategy?

When it comes to the 5k I've always strongly believed a slight positive split was the best way for me, I'd always try and bank some time at 3k and 'hang on'.

Yesterday I ran a negative split, the feeling of passing people and getting quicker as the run went on was very satisfying, instead of just hanging on I was flying in the last mile.

I've seen people suggest this strategy but never tried it as the thought of being down on goal splits early on would psyche me out. Now I have belief that it's a viable option. Completely dismantled by prior beliefs
Pretty much everyone eventually comes around to even or negative splits. The idea that your body is 100 percent ready to go all out right as the gun goes off always seems a bit silly to me.

The shorter the distance, the more sense it makes to go out hard imo. You can try hanging on in a 5k because it's just a couple km and you always have a sprint finish in you. In the past there have been many 5k records where the final km may have been the fastest, but the 4th one was very slow:

(David Moorcroft (1982)- 13:00.41 (2:38.0, 2:34.6, 2:37.6, 2:38.5, 2:31.7)

Said Aouita (1985)- 13:00.40 (2:35.14, 2:38.68, 2:37.18, 2:41.16, 2:28.24)

Said Aoiuta (1987)- 12:58.39 (2:35.35, 2:37.68, 2:33.34, 2:39.68, 2:32.34)

Haile Gebrselassie (1994)- 12:56.96 (2:36.6, 2:37.1, 2:37.2, 2:37.4, 2:28.7)

Moses Kiptanui (1995)- 12:55.30 (2:35.2, 2:36.6, 2:35.2, 2:36.2, 2:32.1)

Haile Gebrselassie (1995)- 12:44.39 (2:34.3, 2:34.7, 2:34.0, 2:31.2, 2:30.2)

Haile Gebrselassie (1997)- 12:41.86 (2:34.6, 2:32.0, 2:31.6, 2:35.0, 2:28.7)

Trying to hang on for the second half on a marathon is not something I'd intentionally attempt (but, just saying,  it is what Kipchoge did in his fastest marathon race, the 2:01:09)

5k Pacing Struggles

Hey Everyone! Recently ran a couple of 5ks, Feb 14 and April 18 of this year. Overall I'm happy with my effort in both, but the post race analysis has left me surprised with how poorly I've paced the first mile. 

My two questions are 1) what are your favorite tips/mantras for the first half of a 5k to make sure you have a strong finish and ideally negative split? 2) I'm curious how much time, if any, that I'm leaving on the table by the poor pacing? Or would my overall time be the same but it would just "feel" like a stronger finish? 

Feb 14 (19:45 measured 3.08) [More stats (laps at bottom are the manual laps I did for mental resets)](https://imgur.com/a/e7e4SBS) Small downhill to start, really told myself before the race and during that first takeoff to not press/overextend/burn any matches in the first mile. Felt I did a decent job at that. Maybe lost focus in the middle, didn't realize I fell off pace so much until analyzing afterwards. Last mile is a really long straightaway that is mentally tough, and there was some ice on the road near the finish unfortunately but I was able to steer clear :)

|Mile|Time|
|:-|:-|
|1|6:12|
|2|6:35|
|3|6:25|
|.08|:34|



April 18 (19:32 measured 3.07) [More stats.](https://imgur.com/a/fEMfr5s) Flat fast start, one decent hill up and back down in the middle, slightest of climbs around the 3 mile mark. Again I approached this similar to the last race with "do not press/overextend/burn any matches" in the first mile. I sincerely felt great that entire first mile. Was surprised when I glanced at the watch around 1.6 miles and realized I had slowed. Tried to fight hard to get back down to the low 6:20s, closed good for the last quarter mile. 

|Mile|Time|
|:-|:-|
|1|6:03|
|2|6:25|
|3|6:37|
|.07|:29|

If you maintain the same perceived effort, you will slow down through the race. You need to feel as though you are accelerating into the 2nd mile to keep the pace, as you will be more fatigued and you likely lost some of the start line adrenaline.

The first step is to slow down the first mile. You need to figure out how to pace that better, whether it’s staring at your watch the first mile, having auto-laps every .25 miles, or just going slower than what feels natural.

Then as you hit the second mile, you should feel like you are accelerating and increasing your effort. In reality you are just maintaining your speed.

All of my best 5k’s have very even splits, +- 5 seconds each mile split on a flat course. Keep racing, and try to bring your splits closer with each race. I’m confident your times will improve as you improve your pacing.

Good luck!

Marathon pacing strategy: glue yourself to the pacer or try to stay ahead?

I am running my second marathon in a month or so and wondering about pacing strategy. I did 3:37 last time and want to crack 3:30 if possible. There is a 3:30 pacer and I am weighing up whether to glue myself to the pacer until 20 miles and then try to push ahead, or whether to try to get a bit ahead and stay ahead; it is hard to shake off the worry that I might slow down towards the end and just miss my target time. I know the general advice is to try for a negative split but most people don't! Has this been studied; ie. is it proven that you get a better time in the end if you run the second half faster? Last time I did essentially an even pace though I was a fraction faster in the second half, but mile 25 was my slowest (8:27).

Glue yourself to the pacer but try to surge ahead a little before the drink stations as it becomes a bit crazy when everyone in a large pace group, like the 3.30, tries to get across and grab drinks at the same time. If you want break 3.30 only push ahead at 25 miles and you know you can finish. 20 miles and there's still a high chance you will blow up and have to crawl across the line. Get under 3.30 then look at your next one for areas to improve.

Muscular Endurance in the Marathon

I'm hoping to get some feedback, strategies, and stories from marathoners who have zeroed in on second half leg fatigue as a key issue in their races, particularly if you're around a male marathoner in your 30s or 40s who improved from \~3:30ish to 3:00-3:10.  
  
I'm a 43M and was a casual, round the block jogger in my twenties and thirties. Not much of an athletic base. During COVID, the running bug bit me hard and I started treating it seriously in late 2022.  I self coached my way to a base of 45/km a week by mid-2023 and did a couple of halfs and a 10K that year, with PRs of 1:45 (HM) and 46:00 (10k) in the fall. At that point I joined a local running club with 6-7 dedicated marathoners and started getting properly coached - my coach stresses weekly volume in his marathon plans built over multiple cycles and I felt my body would respond well to building a strong mileage base. Under his direction I built up to a pretty solid base of 70-75km a week in the first four months of 2024, peaking in the high 80s, then raced a 1:07 15K in March and a 3:32 debut marathon in early May at my local marathon, which is a flat double out and back.  I felt my first marathon was well executed with good aerobic fitness, good fuelling, no sign of the wall and no stopping.  However, my legs did fade during the 30-37km mark and I rallied and pushed back to goal pace in the last 5k through willpower.

I decided not to do a fall full last year and focus on improving my training - got more comfortable with speedwork, threshold and tempo runs, pacing.  I built a steady base of around 65-70km and ran just under 1:40 at a fall half.

Finally, I was ready at the end of 2024 to tackle my first "serious" marathon training cycle. I spent four months at a pretty consistent volume of 85-95/km a week, six days a week with two workouts (usually a LT run or 400m/800m intervals).  Long runs would alternate between a steady run and one with a MRP session at the end - I did five LRs over 30km with the peak workout being 36K with a 22K MRP workout two weeks before race day.  I targeted high 4:30s / low 4:40s a kilometer for MRP which would translate to a 3:15-3:20 marathon.  Aerobically I ended up in high 150s/low 160s BPM for my half marathon and marathon efforts, my max is around 185-187. In early March, I raced a half marathon with perfect pacing, a 90 second negative split and ended up with a 1:32:30 - probably my best single race of any distance and a massive confidence boost.  
  
I had absolutely zero injuries, got 98% of the planned runs in and only had to scrap a couple of MRP sessions in my winter long runs due to heavy snowfall (just ran the distance at a steady pace instead).  I alternated between ASCICs Novablast 5s and Hoka Cliftons for the runs.   I would do Pilates/conditioning workouts at home once a week to keep my legs tuned up.

Closer to the end of the cycle, I did some research and decided to try a plated shoe for the first time - went with the Saucony Endorphin Speed 4s as it had a nylon plate and a couple of my training friends recommended it.  I did my peak LR / MRP workout in them as well as some shorter 3x 5K MRP sessions - I put maybe 50k on them before race day, and noticed they did load my calves and ankles a lot more than my other shoes, I was definitely more fatigued at goal pace than I had been in my other shoes. On reflection, this was a warning sign around how much it would work me in the actual race. That peak workout I held to about a 4:43/pace for the 22km. I tapered for two weeks, carb load went great.

I was doing the same marathon as before to keep things familiar. I felt confident, so I decided to push for sub 3:20. Race day conditions were six degrees Celsius—sunny, no cloud cover, and stretches with zero crowd support. I was wearing the plated shoes and fuelled with SIS beta gels every 6k along with a salt tab, and aid station gatorade - fuelling was perfect through the whole race. I had left a cheap handheld squeeze bottle with \~250ml of gatorade at the halfway table (permitted by the race organizers) which I sipped on from 21-25km which really helped with my hydration. I went out around 4:45/km with a goal of seeing if I could work down to a high 4:30s pace by halfway. 

Felt smooth through halfway but noticed MP pace didn’t feel as easy as it should. Realized by 24km that my legs were taking too much of a beating and I deliberately pulled back to a 4:45/pace. At 27K, felt a couple small “pulses” in my left calf—warning signs. I didn't stop, but slowed to 4:55/km and shortened my stride enough to loosen them back up. I wasn't happy, but kept it together and kept moving.  I slowed further from 30-35km and put down a few kms at about a 5:10/pace - I was nowhere near the wall, I was still aware and pushing forward, I just couldn't move faster.  Finally a friend of mine was who was targeting a sub 3:30 marathon and a BQ caught up to me at 38km and we pushed each other to finish - I got back under 5:00/km for the last three km and we both finished at 3:28.  I was happy for my friend's BQ and happy for my 4 minute PB, but frustrated that my legs couldn't keep up.  My splits look awful!

Three days later (Wednesday) and I'm pretty much recovered, lower legs were trashed for a day but yoga and slow walks have calmed them down. I have some slow 5k runs planned for Friday and Saturday.

**Reflections:**

* My biggest strengths appear to be a capacity to tolerate high consistent mileage without injury. My aerobic fitness is great (the half marathon confirmed that, as did my HR control when I slowed in the full) and I feel like fuelling isn't a significant concern.  I've never lost control in a marathon, but I haven't been able to execute a plan perfectly in the second half. 
* I probably went out 5-10 seconds/km too fast for what my legs could hold on that course and paid for it in the second half. My coach's feedback, and my own reflection, was that I probably could have run closer to say a 3:22 if all the stars aligned, but I was just too ambitious.  I think it was probably a classic case of not respecting the distance enough, and reading too much into my HM performance.
* I've noticed in both my fulls now that the biggest limiter is muscular endurance. It was worse this time to do a more aggressive pace and introducing plated shoes too late in the game, but it also happened in my first full. I don't hit the wall, I don't crash, but I just slow down and feel like I can't push the pace anymore, and I switch from executing a plan to just hanging to survive starting around 28-31km.

I have a fall half and full scheduled for Sept and Oct (Wineglass Marathon in upstate NY) which I'll be doing with a couple of my good friends who are 3:10ish marathoners. My coach would like me to have a base weekly mileage in the 90km range with peak weeks over 100km this time.  I need to let my time goals develop out of my training, but I find a mid 4:40s very achievable in training, so I think I will start there. I think I also need to continue working with the plated shoes in harder efforts and MRP sessions - I like the boost they give me, and it definitely makes things easy on my quads/hams (they weren't sore at all afterwards), but I have to get my lower legs toughened up.

So I would love to hear any feedback particularly from runners with a similar profile to mine, or who managed and overcame muscule fatigue to improve to a marathon time between 3:00-3:15.  Starting for Boston 2027 my BQ time drops to a 3:15, so my eventual goal would be to get a time under 3:08 to grab a spot, assuming no other changes to the qualifiers. However, I'm willing to be patient and build for a few years and see what happens.

Thanks so much to this community - I've learned a lot and would love to tap into some wisdom.

There are only really two answers.

First is more volume, particularly long runs that condition the legs.

Second is pacing - go too fast for even a couple of miles in the first half and you’ll pay for it with fatigue and/or cramping in the last 10km regardless of whether you’re running at 4 hr pace or 2:05.

That said, and as someone who’s improved through the times you’re aiming for, you can still run fast times  with positive splits and mild to moderate blow ups at the end. It’s all just the process of learning by doing and trying to improve.

How bad should a perfectly paced marathon feel?

Just ran my third marathon at Chicago and it was physically the best I’ve felt after any marathon. I PR’d but not by as much as I wanted and wondering if feel fine after is just a result of adaptations from another 1000 miles of training or if I could’ve run it faster.

- first marathon: aimed for sub-4, realized I was way more in shape that I thought and started picking up the pace over the last 6 miles, negative split by >9 mins for 3:38. Felt great cardio wise, but legs and feet were shredded, had trouble going up the stairs for a few days 
- second marathon @ CIM: aimed for sub-3:30, felt really good at the start and was holding 7:45 ish miles. Felt like a switch flipped at mile 21, held on for another 3 miles and they deteriorated to a 8:00 pace for the last two. Came in at 3:24 with a 20 second positive split and was completely incoherent, went down on my hands and knees immediately and was offered a wheelchair 3x while I limped away.
- Chicago: wanted sub 3:20 but training block didn’t give me the confidence I could do it. Took it out in going 7:30-7:48, big variation based on feel and was pretty generous about reeling it in when I started feeling tired. However, no deep cut on mile 21 that I was expecting, and cranked down to a 7:17 pace over the last 2.2 miles. Went 3:21 with a 35 second negative split. Was panting and out of breath and the end and legs were sore, but had no trouble (slowly) walking and climbing stairs to get home

Question is what does a perfectly paced marathon feel like? Should I feel good like this or godawful and a shell of a person like CIM?

From personal experience when I ran a 3:24 this past January, I would argue that a perfect marathon pace is when you run the marathon at steady X pace without blowing up but feeling like you are about to at a moment's notice. I remember that during the last 5 miles, my legs felt like they were going to cramp at any moment but that moment never came. But my pace stayed consistent for the most part. My final mile was my fastest mile by only 6 seconds compared to my second fastest at mile 7 but I felt like I was running the fastest I could.

Basically feels like your going to crash any burn but you stay strong and never slow. As for your leg tiredness/soreness, keep in mind that your training will factor in whether or not your will be sore as well, if you are "overtrained", less soreness, undertrained and you're hobbling.


This has always been my experience when I pace a half/full properly.  I'm holding pace, saying a few words isn't a matter of not having the breath to be able to do so, but not having the want to do so because holding pace is taking so much focus for those last few miles.

Afterwards I'm going to be mentally foggy for the rest of the day, and walking might be annoying, but it's doable with a little extra effort vs normal (the walking challenges are more for the full than the half).

Am I losing benefits by splitting up most of my daily runs?

Hi, am currently training about 45 miles per week after a marathon build that has me peaking at 65. I am trying to build my average weekly mileage to around 55 over the next 6 or so months. Lately I have been doing a lot of doubling with my daily sessions. It just makes hitting 8 or 9 miles per day so much easier for me as I can fit the two runs around my work schedule very nicely. However I am concerned that I may be losing out on some of the benefits by doing this. Obviously there are benefits in terms of less injury risk and life management but I would probably be doing less doble sessions if there is good reason not to. Interested to hear anybody’s thoughts on this or if there has been any good studies done on the topic.

Thank you

I feel like amateur runners (myself included) can sometimes obsess over optimizing one little aspect of running, and lose sight of what really makes improvements happen. The short, simple answer is that for probably over 90% of runners, more mileage per week, per month, per year, per decade, is going to make you faster. So if splitting it up like this fits your life better, helps you stay healthy, and allows you to get more mileage throughout the year, then go for it.

Anecdotally, I did a similar thing this summer/fall, with AM runs of 5-7 miles and 3 mile PM daycare pickups in the running stroller. Sure I may have been 30 seconds faster in my fall marathon if I had just run 8-10 miles every morning instead, but I also might have gotten injured, and it's a whole lot more fun to spend time with my kid in the stroller rather than in the car. So do what makes sense for your life and don't stress about optimizing.

Pacing strategy for HM. When you PB'd half marathon with a negative split, how much was the difference between your slowest and fastest mile/km?

If you did pull a negative split in your HM that ended with a PB (suggesting max effort and good headspace), how much was the difference (in seconds) between your slowest and fastest mile/km?

Mostly interested for folks in 75-85 minute range PB's, as this is the "ballpark" of my projected result.

I wouldn't plan to negative split just do it if you have a good day. Aim for your goal but plan to even split.

To answer your question I ran 6:00 per mile up to 5k to go then felt good so increased the pace to 5:45-5:50 for some of the last 3 miles.

Cannot break 1:30 half - what am I doing wrong?

Mid 30s M, training consistently for ~4 years. Never ran much before 2020. 

Ran my first half in 2022, 1:31:xx
First marathon 6 months later, 3:24
Same half in 2023, 1:30:4x 
Ran second marathon November of 2023 at 3:15

I ran the same half today for the 3rd time and hardly broke 1:31, felt horrible. I did really well up until mile 7, averaging 6:40-6:45. Very consistent and even pacing. Thought I was a shoe in for a 1:29 and was planning to negative split the second half. 

big hill at mile 7, and I never recovered. Ran a 7:40 that mile, took me to mile 10 to get into the 6:50s again and I felt awful. 

My typical training week is average 40 miles, building up to 55 for marathon training. Usually consists of 3x 8 mile runs (one recovery, one easy, one workout switching between tempos and intervals). One long run 13+ with some speed work generally sprinkled in. I also run a mile on my 3 lift days to warm up for a total of 40 miles minimum with 3 days of lifting. My fast miles are usually run 6:30-7:00 depending on length of intervals, my easy pace is 8:00-8:15, my recovery is 8:30-9:00. This training block I ran a lot of mileage at 8:30ish

My HR is always sub 145 on easy runs and I can speak in full sentences. My lifts are primarily heavy upper body and lighter on legs but I do not neglect them. 

I have been following the 80/20 rule relatively will, maybe erring on the side of more speed work. 

Shaving 15 mins off my marathon was great, but why can’t I get any faster in a half!? I was really hoping to shoot for a 3:05 this year and would appreciate any advice on how I can structure this next training block. 

ETA: thank you all for the advice, I did not expect such a quick response. I am sensing two common themes which are, 1) adding more volume to my long run, and 2) faster speed work. I will do both of those.

I’m sure someone will give you a more helpful answer but, have you tried running a half without a big hill at mile 7?

Hills dont work that way. You're running threshold pace for 6 miles and you hit a big hill, that's going to spike your heart rate, no matter the fitness level.

You need to be doing fast speed work or strides. 100 meter strides and or 400m repeats. Seems like you are only doing tempos and long interval training. Running drills also help. Your mechanics will improve and you can run faster with less effort. Meb For Mortals really stresses mechanics and I accredit it and the Strava McMillian plan getting me from 1:30 to 1:12.

There's some other good advice here, but there's two things that you absolutely must do:

1.⁠Speedwork.
2.⁠Long runs that are regularly 15+ miles

If your fastest running is half marathon pace, and your longest running is half marathon distance, it's no wonder that you get halfway through a half marathon (trying to run your fastest pace for your longest distance), hit a hill, and then can't bring it back.

You need time at 5k and 10k pace, so that 6:40 pace doesn't feel like 'top speed' if you want to get back to it with 10k in your legs after a hill.

Training for a marathon or half marathon via intuition and not following a training plan

Has anyone successfully raced a marathon or half marathon to the best of their ability (or close to PR times) purely by training on intuition and not following a training plan?

I’m in the place where I want to sign up for a race, but I have three kids at home (one of which is a newborn) and I work a somewhat demanding corporate job.

The reason why I can’t follow a plan is because, on any given day, my commitments change due to family and work. Not to mention that on any given day, I might not have the greatest sleep from the previous night due to the newborn, so it makes no sense on those days to crush a series of hard or long workouts.

If anyone has juggled a situation like this, appreciate some tips on how best to get ready for a race while not following a plan.  I could try to select a plan and just add rest days in between each stated workout as needed, but that also leads to a situation where I might have 3 rest days in a row and then I have to do a 20 miler because that was the next workout on the plan.

So, I’m looking for some advice on how to train intuitively.  Yes, I know it’s suboptimal, but I am sure some of you have done well not following a plan and are dealing with similar circumstances.

I pretty much always train on intuition, but I’d say my intuition is pretty dialed. Typically I’ll have a general mileage that I want to hit for the week, and if something comes up or I feel bad one day, I do my best to compensate later in the week. My one tip would be to decide your workout the day before or at the very least before you head out the door. Any time that I wait to choose it until I’m at the track or something, I almost always adjust it mid workout to be a bit easier. Might just be a me thing but mentally solidifying it earlier helps me get through tough workouts without bailing.

I think you can find the middle ground between having a rigid, day-by-day plan for the entire training cycle, and having no plan whatsoever. It's almost definitely going to be better to have some skeleton of a plan that you can adjust from, rather than just trying to wing it every day. Similar to Daniel's 2Q approach.

I would jot down a reasonable week-by-week volume goals along with ideas for a couple key sessions each week, knowing that you're going to have to be flexible throughout your training. Maybe something like this:

•⁠W1: 40 miles, 10 mile LR, tempo run 4 miles @ HMP
•⁠W2: 42 miles, 12 mile LR, 5k intervals 6x800s

Then, week by week, depending on work/family/etc, figure out which day seems best for your LR, for your tempo run, and fill the rest with easy/recovery running when you can, worrying much less about the specifics.

What physiological responses am I sacrificing (and possibly gaining) by breaking up my mid-week medium long-runs into multiple sessions?

TL;DR: My schedule makes it difficult to run the full 12-15 mile run in one session. What’s the best way to break it up? What am I sacrificing/gaining?

Some background: I’ve (39m) been running 50+ mpw pretty regularly for a couple years now. Trained for marathons this past November and April where I maxed out at 70 and 75 mpw respectively. Ran 3:01 in November and had a goal of sub-3 in April. (A respiratory illness three weeks out fuct that up. Still managed a 3:05 and felt okay about it.) I didn’t follow any set plans for those two races. 

I’m currently following Pfitz 70-85 12-week plan and plan on hitting 85. I’m doing my best to run the workouts as scheduled, but what I’m struggling with most are the medium long-runs. Family, schedule and climate (Midwest US.. it’s hot later in the day) have made it difficult to get all the miles in in one run. So, I’ve been breaking up the mileage into multiple sessions. Here’s a recent example of a scheduled 15 mile run:

6:30 am - 6.5 miles @ recovery pace.

8:00 am - 5 miles at about 10-15% slower than MP (about 35 minutes after my first session)

1:30 - 3.5 miles at recovery pace

I’m sure that schedule seems weird, but you gotta trust me that it’s about the best I could do with various commitments that day. I know Fitz says to run the long runs faster than recovery but I was tired af that first session so I took it easy. 

I could, of course, wake up earlier. But sleep is already something I often sacrifice too often. Plus, I just hate running before the sun is up. I don’t feel safe and my body just doesn’t work well right outta bed. 

Anywho, I’m confident I’m not getting the same gains I would be reaping if I did the whole run at once. How do I obtain the most comparable results? How do you go about breaking up a long run, when necessary, and still maximize gains?

I can’t recall seeing much info about this in the book. But could be very wrong!

Thanks! (mobile, sorry)

Edit: typos

Edit 2: I’m clearly soft and should just suck it up and get up earlier.

Current knowledge suggests that mitochondria growth and general function has some dependence on session duration -particularly needing a lot of those easy 90+ min efforts.

This duration is what trains those little guys to grow (more surface area for substrate exchange) and develop the enzymatic capacity to get good at metabolizing fats in addition to carbos. Shorter runs, even a lot of them, don't seem really push the mitochondria out of their comfort zone enough.

If you were training for a half or shorter I'd say you could certainly get by with this weird segmented run day strategy, but I wouldn't trust it to provide the marathon specific bioenergetic capacities.

If you can get a decent frequency of 90+ min AM runs with a 30-45 min PM run I think that would serve you well.

There's some questions about the role of fastest states in training and if that can compensate for duration (force body to use fats because it's out of carbs), but a lot of the modern researchers like Inigo San Milan don't really buy into this -they generally say there's no way to spoof duration and the extra stress of depletion training isn't usually a good stress.

Sub 2:45ers - Biggest LR workout of a marathon block? 

Pretty straightforward - 

For sub 2:45 marathoners, what has been or typically is, your biggest long run workout of a marathon block? 

- where in the block did it occur relative to race day?
- what was the total mileage of the run? 
- what was your total weekly mileage to end that week? (Assuming the long run workout was a Sunday here) 
- was it an accurate fitness predictor come race day? 

I’m asking this from the perspective of a sub 3 marathoner, five weeks out from race day. attempting sub 2:45 for the 2nd time. 1st attempt was Boston 2024 (LOL!).

Just two workouts I’ve done four weeks out to a marathon.

1.⁠13.1 mi @ MP (1:22:30 in your case), meant for someone who has built some high volume weeks or has a few training cycles under their belt. Tough one, but gets you in that marathon mindset. 2-3 mi WU and 2-3 mi CD based on your mileage goals.
2.⁠4 x 3 mi or 3 x 4 mi @ MP with 0.5 mi or 1.0 mile float. If you’re not used to long tempo runs, this would be a great workout. Also +/- 3 mi WU and 3 mi CD based on your mileage goal.

Definitley agree on the 2nd workout. The key is to make sure the float is actually a float and not a recovery jog 2-3 mins slower than MP. Could even argue that workout is better than the first because the workout volume is so high as it ends up being a 14-16mi workout

It's specific to the type of run. Since this is an MP run, I would suggest MP plus 15% give or take. It needs to be aggressive at this level of speed.

If MP is 6:30 (390 seconds) then you're looking at 7:28

390 x 1.15 = 448 seconds or 7:28 mile

From 3:20 -> 3:00 Marathon

Hi,  
I am running the Frankfurt marathon the last weekend of October. I really would like to break the three hours mark on this fast and flat course. To be certain I can do that, I am looking for a few advice for what to focus on the most the last 4 weeks (last two weeks will be taper).  
Sorry for the long text...

**Background**  
I am a 37 year old male, who has been quite active for most of my life. Between 10-24 I was a competitive swimmer, with the last three years expanding my horizon into primarily triathlons. Did my first full distance in 2008, totally died on the run. Since then I have been increasing my training, topping around 2015 in amount. Fastest IM run is a 3:45 which I've done twice. During Covid I ran a lot, and I have run approximately 1800km/year for the past three years. Among other random competitions I've done a double IM distance and a 100km ultra run (last man standing). Thus, my aerobic engine is well developed.

**Training**  
Unfortunately I was injured during most of june, and took it very easy from third week of july, with building up running again through walk/run. I have no problems now.  
July was 51 km  
August I did 202 km with four interval sessions (2x2000 | 7x1000 | 3x2400 | 4000-3000-2000-1000 - most of this between 3:50 (short intervals) and 4:15 (long intervals))  
September I've so far done 160 km with four interval sessions (5x2000 | 18x400 (3:40/4:10) | 5000 | 5000 - most race pace (4:15/km))  
Both August and September my runs are primarily between 10-20 km per session (obviously with intervals they get the longest incl. warm-up and cool-down)

**Marathon experience**  
Last year I ran my first standalone marathon in Amsterdam. Having trained well for two months I was shooting for 2:50 in Amsterdam. I opened nicely, but felt early it wasn't sustainable, thus I ended up splitting 1:25 / 2:00 for a 3:25.  
Last weekend I decided to run a marathon by myself, getting to practice nutrition and be mental strong, as well as making sure to negative split. Goal was to hold 5:00/km for 21 km, then 4:15/km for the next 21 km. I did the following splits:  
21k - 1:45 (5:00/km) - HR 120-129  
13k - 0:55 (4:17/km) - HR 152-156  
8k - 0:40 (4:57/km) - HR 143-138  
Thus the last 8 km was a bit tough.

**Nutrition**  
For the last week's nutrition, I tried to use Maurten100 gels, since this is what will be served in Frankfurt. Maurten suggests a gel every 6th km, so I was set up for this. I had a gel at km 6, 13, 19, 26, 34. I had sips of water twice per 8km. After about 30km I felt my stomack was at it's limit, so I skipped out on water. Still tried the last gel at 34 km, which was keeping my stomach on the line of what it can handle. I had a total of approximately 0.9L of water. After getting home I had lost a total of 2.9kg during the run.

**Plan towards Frankfurt race**  
So there is six weeks until Frankfurt, where this is my plan  
6 w to race: easy week, recover from marathon effort  
5 w to race: medium week  
4 w to race: hard week with several long efforts (in Calella with a bit extra time during the day)  
3 w to race: hard week  
2 w to race: easy week (gone last half of week, quite busy, will automatically be some shorter days)  
Final w to race: easy and taper

**Question**  
What is the advice for me to focus on for the next four weeks? What am I supposed to do to be better at keeping the pace up and avoid the dying in the end? Any specific training sessions?  
Or should I focus on dial in my nutrition more before race day?

Any advice is appreciated (and thanks for reading it all)...

It sounds like you've set a goal of a sub 3 hour marathon and then instead of following a plan, increasing mileage and getting in sub 3 shape you've just crossed your fingers and hoped when you turn up on marathon day a sub 3 will appear from nowhere.

There is a HUGE difference between a 3:20 marathon and a sub 3.

Generally speaking a sub 3 hour attempt needs A LOT more mileage to get close to than you've been doing and I'd suggest a time trial at 10k or even HM to see if you can hit these time as this is a guide to if a sub 3 is within the realms of possibility.

1hour 26 HM

39min 10k

Sub 19 5k

These are the bare minimum I'd suggest you be capable of before you ramp your mileage up and follow a proper marathon plan. Something like JD or Pfitz.

Sorry to sound negative.

Need advice for adjusting marathon goal due to heat.

\(also posted in /r/running sticky\) 

Any advice on race strategy in 30C? That's approximately 86F. It also starts at noon.

It's Stockholm Marathon, coming this Saturday. 

My current PB is 3:01:30, set on a tough hilly course \(Big Sur\) this April and done with a conservative strategy: negative splits, starting with training 'marathon pace'\+10 s, average HR = 146, only getting to 160\-163 range\(which is my target HR for an all\-out marathon\) in last 8K. It was about 10\-12C and there was some chilly rain and wind.

My hottest marathon was run at 24C and it was a shitstorm\(quite literally because of drinking lots of unfamiliar sports drink\), I had to throw my shirt away and got a 3:14. I'm in better shape now, but it's also going to be hotter. 

Stockholm is relatively flat and familiar\(ran it three times\) so i was aiming at sub\-2:55 to get a time qualifier spot in New York. That is out of the question now\(hopefully I'll be able to crush that goal in Chicago after a summer of training\). But I have a hard time figuring out how should I scale my effort. I still want to get a good result to have a decent seeding in future races in Sweden. So, does any of these 2 goals seem real:

\<3:06 \- beating my course record for Stockholm\(set at 15C\)

\<3:10 \- that would still be my 3rd best result out of 17 and I will feel good for getting better year\-to\-year.

Any opinions? If not aiming at sub\-3:10 I might as well go at moderate pace\(what Jack Daniels estimates as Easy for my VDOT\) and finish at 3:20\-ish without straining myself too much.

What will the dew point be? I find this to actually be a much better indicator for how I’ll feel during a run. Dew point matters more because it determines how well sweat evaporated off you and most of your cooling comes from evaporation rather than conduction/convection.

Typically this is how I feel at different dew points: 50 deg f or below - ideal conditions 50-60 - getting warm but no pace adjustment 60-70 - maybe slow down 10-30seconds per mile 70-75 - very hot and muggy slow down 30-60 seconds or more per mile 75+ this is actually unbearable. I’ve only ran in this a handful of times and it sucks. You want to avoid this if possible.

Remember the skin is usually only 80 deg f so if the sweat is evaporating at 75 deg f it isn’t taking a lot of heat with it.

Lastly, be smart. I’ve had heat exhaustion and it’s one of the worst things I’ve experienced. It can take months to recover from it and you’ll be more likely to get it again after the first time.

Be sure to take plenty of electrolytes with your water. This is the weather that causes Hyponatremia.

Perpetual DOMS in calves

It seems like I perpetually have at least some DOMS  (delayed onset muscle soreness FKA "lactic acid") in my calves. I don't think I have an injury, it just seems like it's always my calves that get hit the most with DOMS after any kind of workout or more intense run.

It weirds me out because I've been running for over a decade now, training in a more focused way for about 4 years, and I'd think that my calves should have strengthened by now, so that of the all different leg muscles should be tending to be challenged by a workout. But, it's always my calves that stand out as the most sore, very occasionally the other leg muscles.

Is this normal? Is it any kind of red flag? It doesn't seem like it's holding me back per se, but wanted to check in on other people's experience and wisdom on this.

I'm running about 70km/week. 42yo M, currently following a JD 4-week cycle marathon plan. Haven't raced in a while, but 10km is 39:10, M is 3:06.

Just a few questions for you to ponder:

1.⁠Have you changed your shoe? Gone with a flatter footbed, less heel to toe drop?
2.⁠Do you sit for a living (desk job or the like)? If you don't, what kind of footwear do you wear?
3.⁠What kind of active recovery do you employ? Any kind of rolling or deep tissue work as well?

I'm no doctor or sports therapist or anything of the like, but I've dealt with calf DOMS before and I found it was a combination of my lack of active recovery and deep tissue work coupled with my desk job. I don't think my calves were any more worked than the rest of my lower body, but I allowed all the bad stuff to pool in them after big runs.

As for the lower drop shoe wear, I've only heard about this from friends who run and how their calves were on fire after switching to lower drop.

Good luck, you've posted some good numbers and I'd love to see you push yourself further.


Surviving Office Jobs with Running

I'm curious to hear other people's approaches to staying loose while working at a white collar office job. I already have the sit/stand desk, but unless you can sit and stand for 9 continuous hours of perfect posture (I try, but alas rarely succeed), I typically end up with pretty irritated low-back and tight quads and hips. I feel like a ticking time bomb on hip related injuries, and this is actually one of the most frustrating parts of my post-collegiate running so far. What are your strategies for avoiding the tight hips and all of that?

One easy tip: stay very well hydrated. It forces you to stand up and walk briefly every 15-30 minutes to use the restroom. Improves blood circulation in your legs, improves sitting posture, and reduces muscle aches. Can be frustrating to have to use the restroom so often, but that's by far the better problem to have. Bonus: it also gives you an excuse to leave nonsense meetings.

What’s your “this one simple thing was a game changer?”

I have a few

Daily protein from Vega Sport- recovery and building muscle got so much easier 

Standing desk - get my hips and glute healthier

Working from home- barefoot or crocs means my feet don’t get smooshed into shoes plus daily short naps made a lot of recovery issues fade. 

What ya got?

Threshold. I think that’s the secret sauce, and unfortunately it’s hot sauce.

Not getting hurt.

Way more difficult than it sounds too, since most people are fine until they're not. By then it's too late and you can miss weeks due to an acute injury.

The ability to train more over time and string together macro cycles is probably one of the more under rated ways to become a better runner. And you can't do that if you keep getting hurt.

One of the "off label" benefits of strength training.

How much more rest should one be incorporating when working manual labour?

A lot of plans out there I feel are designed for the office workers out there, and there isn't consideration for the construction workers or tradesman out there as an example who are on their feet, lifting material all day long. Doing framing, i'm basically weight lifting for 8 hours. 

For those of you who do manual labour how have you adapted your running schedule to allow more rest? How should I be approaching training when i "workout" 8 hours a day beforehand? I've just been frankensteining a training schedule for myself...

Some Context: I've been running for a year, I train for self supported trail ultras currently around the 50k distance. I've done two; the second one this December brought about light pain in my knee. Working construction definitely slowed down the recovery for that injury... picked up cycling again as it doesn't impact the knee. 

my apologies if this question has been posed before in one way or another, i couldn't find too many posts out there.

I work a very physical job as an industrial field engineer. 10-12 hour days sometimes 7 days a week.

I don't really modify my workout schedule or weekly mileage unless I'm busy enough to have trouble getting enough time to sleep.  Sleep is the most important part of recovery.

Quality running workouts build a different type of fitness than manual labor does, so one cannot replace the other.  Cutting down on your workout because you are tired from working a physical job may reduce recovery time, but you will also a reduction in your fitness. There's no meaningful modification you can make to cater to people who work physical jobs vs desk jobs.

My advice would be to focus more on getting enough sleep to properly recover. This may be difficult if you find yourself working a lot of overtime.

Just how effective are strides?

Am I doing strides at the end of my runs, sure! but I'm curious about their significance. How crucial are strides in your training routine? Do you consider them a vital aspect, and are you consistently tracking their inclusion weekly? Have you experienced training blocks both with and without strides and did you notice any discernible differences in your performance or overall feel? I'm interested in gathering different perspectives on the importance of strides, so I'd appreciate hearing everyone's point of view on this matter.

Listen to the strength running podcast, episode 332 on power and speed development. I have listened to it twice now and I think the point the host is making is that strides actually allow your CV system to develop further because mechanical output can be a limiter to developing the aerobic system in non-elite athletes. Super interesting.

Hills and Strides

Was listening to Jason Fitzgerald's "Strength Running Podcast", episode 276, which was about running power and mechanical output.

One of the points of the podcast was touting the benefits of doing strides and hill sprints.  The thesis was that runners can make rapid (4-6 weeks) improvements in power generation that benefits running economy.  Also, reduction in power generation starts at a relatively young age (mid 20's?), but affects masters and grand masters more.  I felt like this podcast was aimed at me (Grand Master with good aerobic base, but struggling more on speed workouts.)

I've always sort of glossed over hills and strides....I would do them if I remembered, but never made a point of doing them.

Since that podcast, I've been making a concerted effort to get in hills and strides for every non-workout / non-recovery day....up to twenty per week.  I've noticed a definite improvement in the ease of generating speed / power....as in it feels like less of an effort and more relaxed to hit 3k-5k pace.  Hopefully, this will pay off when it's time to do intervals (800's, 1000's, 1200's, etc.) as I've been having a harder time with these workouts than others (tempo, etc.)

Wondering what other people's experiences with hills / strides are.....how do you think of them, how consistent are you in doing them, etc.?

I absolutely swear by strides and hill sprints. Every time I've gotten lazy about them and reincorporated them into my training I notice a change very quickly - easy pace feels easier, I can hit harder intervals, and the fast leg turnover of tempos comes more naturally.

I try to do at least one of the two each week, and ideally both. I really enjoy the Pfitz hill sprints followed by strides workout in particular.

One cue that I like during strides is to think of one aspect of good form (high cadence, relaxed shoulders etc) and just really focus on nailing that one aspect during the rep, then pick a new one, rinse and repeat until done. I see it as an opportunity to work on any aspect of form that I've recently felt lagging.

Strides during the last mile of a run or after?

I’m going through Pfitz 18/55 for the second time and the first time I went through it I tended to slack when it came to the strides at the end of the run. For example, if the workout was GA 8 with 10x100s I would run the 8 then find an excuse to half ass or not do the strides since I had looped back to my house already. 

This time around I am trying to find strategies to make sure I can’t do this—like run 8 miles GA of a 9 mile loop and do strides on the last mile home etc. 

My question is does anyone approach strides more like a fartlek on the last mile of a run with light jogging between efforts or do you keep them totally separate as a ~100m run with a fully stopped break then do it again? I’m trying to find a balance of setting myself up to always complete them but also I want to make sure I’m getting the most benefit from the strides and not doing them half-assed…

Any advice or other helpful strategies on how to keep discipline around strides would be great!

EDIT: just saying lots of great responses on this so thank you!!

How do you guys incorporate hill work into a routine?

Hi running gurus,

Basics first;

M39, running 60-90km/week over usually 6 days. 2 quality sessions (usually one tempo 30-45 min at around 3:55-4:05 pace and one interval session like 16 x 400, 10 x 800 or something similar), one longer run 20-30 km on Sundays and the rest is easy running, 8-12k at around 5:00 pace.

I'm not very fast, latest PB was 1:24:15 for a Half marathon, and before that I ran a 2:56 FM for reference.

I have concluded that one of my main weak areas as a runner is running technique together with glute strength. From what I have been able to gather myself, hillsprints would be something that could help me in both areas, therefore I'm looking to add some hill work into my weekly running.

I have NEVER run hills in any structured/planned manner before so please be kind with my uninformed questions :)



How would you guys go about doing this? 

What session do I replace?

Do I aim for steep hills, or longer flatter?

How much hill volume would you typically go for?

How much rest inbetween each rep?

I started doing my tempos and some faster stuff on rolling hills to know what it feels like to run fast uphill and downhill, it started as an accident in the winter because the tracks were all snowed in- but I kept it in because I felt like that was working well for me. The other thing I do is I find the hilliest route i can for my thursday easy paced medium long run, I'll get about 800-1000ft over 10 miles and I think that has really helped too to make sure i always have some hill work during the week. Not the most structured, but that's what has worked for me lately.

If you are wanting to work on strength and technique, I'd recommend adding Hill Sprints and short hill intervals @ 3k/5k "effort". Doing hills on easy runs, long runs, tempo runs will all help some too but they aren't really going to be a real strength/technique intervention like doing faster stuff on uphills.

Here are a couple specific workouts:

Hill sprints: Find for a hill that's about a 5-6% grade. You want it to be noticeably steep but not so much that it isn't runnable with "normal" form. Ideally a nice consistent slope. Doesn't need to be that long of a hill, ~40 meters is plenty, you're only going to be doing ~8 second, ALL-OUT sprints. Focus on running with great form, good drive, pop, power. These are, again, all-out efforts focused on building running-specific strength and power. Walk back down to the start, and wait until you're FULLY RECOVERED from the last effort before you start the next one. This isn't an aerobic workout, it's a strength workout, and you want to start each rep at 100%. If you've never done this type of work before, I'd start with only 3 reps, 1x/week. Add a rep each week, until you're comfortable handling 8-10 reps. You can replace strides with hill sprints, and especially as you're started just do them after an easy run.

Hill Intervals: This would replace an interval session. Again, find a hill that's about a 5-6% grade. This needs to be a bit longer, 250-300 meters. The workout is really simple, 1 minute uphill at your 3k/5k race pace effort (e.g. how fast would you run up this hill in a 5k race?), easy jog back down (should be about 60-75 seconds of recovery), repeat. Unlike hill sprints, this is an aerobic workout aimed at building fitness AND providing some strength stimulus, and would replace a workout like your 400m reps. I would recommend you start by subbing in a few reps of hills at the end of a workout you're used to (e.g. instead of doing 16x400, do 10x400 + 4x1' hill reps, or do 4x1' hills after a 20 minute tempo run), again adding a few reps each week, working up to about 10 reps.

On the topic of hill training

Is there any use to hill training if you’re training for a flat race?

Is it beneficial to train on hills with a 10% grade if your goal race has, say, 3-5% grade hills?

Is there a max gradient you would recommend before the risk outweighs the benefit? 

Hill sprints or long hill repeats? both? For what distances?

hill training is a good way to do VO2 stuff and build strength without the same joint-pounding as flat ground

The analogy I like is comparing hill repeats to quarterback/pitchers throwing heavy balls in practice. If you can run fast on an incline, think about how much easier it’ll be to run fast when you get back to flat ground.

Hill Repeats: What if Your Regular Routes Are Already Hilly?

I'm starting marathon training this week and one of my first workouts is hill repeats, which I've never done. My regular running routes in my area are not egregiously hilly, but I get anywhere between 250 and 750 ft elevation gain on any given run (5-13 mi). Do you think it makes sense to do hill repeat workouts, or will I just be tiring myself out by piling more elevation gain onto the elevation gain I'm already getting in a given week? Or, is it just a case of the more elevation gain the merrier? Edit: Good notes below about the stimulus and benefits of the workouts beyond logging elevation gain, thanks; I'll probably incorporate them on a trial basis and if it's too much strain I can just back off. I'm mostly just worried about managing strain since this is all new to me and I'm taking a conservative approach so I don't crap out.

Hill workouts are not just about gaining elevation.  They are basically speed intervals up a hill.  I live in a hilly area.  No matter my route I'm getting a minimum 400ft gain.  But I still do hill repeats because they make those hill faster.  I rarely get passed on the uphills in races anymore.

This. The point of hill repeats is the quality not the elevation gain. You hammer those reps at race pace and take as much recovery as you need to be able to reproduce that quality in each rep. Your regular hill running makes you strong, but the hill repeats take it to the next level.

What does your ideal hill session look like?

Hills... you either love them or you hate them. Fact is that they will make you super strong and lot of (elite) athletes incorporate them in their training schedules. 

Ever since I started running I did hill sessions. Sometimes trainers would put it on the program every week, other trainers would do them only once or twice a month. 

Also the contents of the hill training varies greatly with each trainer that I had. Now that I started running for myself I started to investigate what other athletes do and there is a wide variety of hill sessions available. 

So my question to you is, what does your ideal hill session look like? Think of questions like: 

- do you do only uphill sprints and downwards jog recovery or do you also do exercise like high knees?

- how long should every repetition last, in seconds or in meters?

- how steep of a hill do you like?

- do you start at the bottom and finish at the top or do you start on a flat road leading up to the hill/go for a little extra once you reach the top?

- do you always do the same kind of hill session or do you do them differently every time?

- how often do you do a hill session?

- are you full out sprinting during hill sessions or do you focus on technique rather then speed?

I probably forgot a lot of questions in here. Please just describe your favourite hill session!

do you do only uphill sprints and downwards jog recovery or do you also do exercise like high knees?

Uphill sprints, downhill jog at 2:1 recovery. 20 minute warm up, directly into drills, directly into the workout, directly into 15ish minute cool down, directly into core. Sometimes drills are after cool down. The idea is that you run the entire time with my sessions.

how long should every repetition last, in seconds or in meters?

I have some shorter reps that are 30 seconds. Most of my hill repeat days are 60-80 seconds.

how steep of a hill do you like?

Depends greatly on the length of the rep. Longer reps are ~5% grade on a paved road. Shorter reps are typically done on a gravel hill at 8-10% grade. That hill is nasty.

do you start at the bottom and finish at the top or do you start on a flat road leading up to the hill/go for a little extra once you reach the top?

All of those hills I use I'm on the hill for the entire rep, except for the end of the workout on longer reps like 80 seconds. It flattens out for maybe 10 seconds on those.

do you always do the same kind of hill session or do you do them differently every time?

I repeat all of my hill repeat sessions essentially the same way.

how often do you do a hill session?

Depends on the training cycle. I get maybe 5-7 in during the summer/winter each, and during outdoor track maybe 3 or 4 sessions in.

are you full out sprinting during hill sessions or do you focus on technique rather then speed?

Focus on technique and form, and staying relaxed while pushing. Ideally your full out sprint doesn't have a huge reduction in quality of your form.

Hills instead of squats

Howdy everyone, 

Quick question (hopefully). 

How much is hill work able to replace strength training in the gym? I live and run in a fairly hilly area. For example, over the last 12 weeks I have run 543.5 miles and gained 28,678 feet in elevation. This is an average of about 53 feet gained for every mile run. And I run out and back on pretty much all my routes, so the miles where I climb will be much greater than just 53 feet since half the route is coming back down what I climbed. I don't do hill sprints, but I do try to maintain my pace within 20 sec/mile as I climb. 

My glutes are frequently feeling slightly sore at the end of the week of running (Only rest on Sundays). So I'm definitely working my legs. When I try to do squats and lunges at the gym my legs feel really dead when trying to run during the week. 

Do I need to man up and spend 30 minutes 2x a week in the gym or am I getting enough leg strenthening on my hills? 

Today I did 17.45 miles and gained 1200 feet which is good for an average of almost [69](https://imgur.com/gallery/lqKlotB) feet per mile.

Just running hilly routes doesn't replace lifting heavy in the gym pretty much at all (and if you're not lifting heavy with low reps, you're not doing optimal weight training for the purposes of running).  They're two radically different stimuli, although both are beneficial.  Now hill sprints on the other hand are another story.  They're going to increase total muscle fiber recruitment and neuromuscular coordination in a similar - but still slightly different - way to weight training.  If you just don't want to get into the gym but want relative leg strength gains, do hill sprints.

Fair warning though: your legs will end up feeling dead after a few sessions of hill sprints too, so there's no getting around that (but probably less so than they will from squats, since they're at least more adapted to running uphill than they are to squats, generally speaking).  Fortunately, once your legs adapt to the stress of the hill sprints say after 4 or 5 sessions, you should be able to do them without feeling much residual soreness or "deadness" from them the next day.  And I wouldn't do hill sprints more than once per week, at first.  Hope this helps.

Edit: by the way, research has shown that hex bar deadlifts are more beneficial for runners than squats.

Hill sprints - how long or far should each be?

There’s a lot of conflicting advice across the internet. So r/advancedrunning - how do you train hill sprints? How long or far is each sprint and how many do you do?

For context, my training goal at the moment is to speed up my 5k and 10k times.

Depends on the purpose. I like 6-8sec as true "sprints", walk recovery as long as you need it (sometimes 2min or more), 100% max effort, 6-8 reps to feel some more pop and get some running economy improvements.

Your brain gets tired first. What's most fun is if you run just a little bit after these, your stride should noticeably feel easier. You'll feel like a feather (but also a bit like jelly).

What are different benefits of hill sprints vs flat sprints?

I mean short, steep hill sprints of 10-15" versus flat strides of 80-150m.

Both supposedly help running economy, but what's the difference between them?

It seems hill sprints might recruit more muscles and be closer to a strength workout that flat sprints. I've also read there's less of an injury risk with hill sprints, but I'm guessing flat sprints would be better if you've got a calf problem or run hills a lot on other days.

I'm also guessing that flat sprints will more directly transfer to flat running speed.

Is that it between them?

I'm asking because I currently do short hill sprints once a week and am wondering whether I'd benefit from alternating them with flat sprints. I train mainly for trail ultras but also like to do shorter stuff and road races.

Hill sprints are going to build power and strength.  Flat strides are going to open up your stride and build on turnover/speed.

Each are equally valuable in a well balanced training program.

Power = Force X Velocity

During hill sprints you work the force side of the power equation, as your velocity is decreased by increased resistance from a hill. This stimuli may increase your running economy by being able to generate more power per stride.

During flat sprints you work the velocity side of the power equation, as your displacement is greater since your primary resistance is air. This stimuli may increase your velocity through favorable running mechanics and efficiency (turnover).

Hills and Hip Flexors

Out of nowhere the other day, I got some strong tightness and even a bit of pain in my left hip flexor during my recovery run. This was totally unexpected, as it’s never bothered me before, but I think it may have been caused by hills. I’m used to running in Central Park, which isn’t hilly at all compared to my hometown, but now that I’m back home, I’ve kept the intensity of my training, but it’s much hillier now. Does this sound like it could cause hip flexor pain?

After a scheduled day of rest, I’ve decided to make 2-3 out of my 5 runs per week on a flat track to help ease into the hills. I also ramped up my strength training lately to a bit more than I’m used to, which probably didn’t help. If anyone has had a similar experience, please let me know! Thanks!

Yes hills increase muscular strain on your hip flexors as does running fast.  Also your core, calves, and general body.

Hill Workout Percent Grade

I have an upcoming uphill race and I will end up having to do a lot of my specific training on a treadmill. I'm looking for advice about setting the incline for hill intervals, tempos, and Z1/2 efforts.

The average incline for the race is \~10.5%. 

Should I do all of my training at that grade, or should I vary it up?  I imagine that I can go harder or keep a lower heart rate at a given pace with the % grade lower, is there any advantage to that? Should I switch it up based on the type of run I'm doing? What would you do?  How do you approach hill work on a treadmill?

Any insights appreciated! 

Thanks.

Depending on how far away this race is and how important it is I'd say do 2-3 uphill tempo sessions and if it's a short race (where race effort is faster than tempo effort) a couple of sessions with shorter intervals very specific to that race effort (both in grade and projected pace/effort).

Imo easy runs on a steep treadmill incline defeats the purpose of an easy run and in general switching a high % of your volume to uphill running is a dumb risk to take unless you are in a position to put up a truly elite uphill performance. Most of the fitness for running flat or uphill is the same. A little variation in grade on easy days is great but you don't want be slogging whole runs uphill.

The couple of times I've had success with this I only did a couple uphill workouts that were very specific to the race demands and otherwise normal training. In one case this was enough to steal a 10+ year old course record held by someone I've otherwise never come near in flat performances. My failures in hilly races have always been failures of general fitness, never specific hill fitness.

Self coached runners: How do you build your trainingplans?

What are you focusing on? How do you stack workouts? How do you decide what workout fits in?

Copy the plans from Daniel’s or Pfitz

I’ve run 12 marathons. Here’s the nutrition advice I wish I had before my first.

Hi first timers!

Hope all is good and training is going well!

One thing I don’t think thats discussed as much as it should when it comes to running first time marathons is nutrition.  Not just during it, but as your training and the minutes after you cross that finish line (which you will!)

I’ve put together a quick video on my YouTube channel giving an overview of how, well in my amateur experience, to do it properly.  Title of the vid says sub-4 but it pretty much applies to first timers regardless of goal time!

Having done 12 marathons - the ones where I’ve done the best and felt the best are the ones where I’ve sorted my nutrition out.

If you want something to whittle away 7 minutes (😂) of your time here it is:  [https://youtu.be/jPVgN3KlmQ8?si=OSZYm3g2JJkpNT0d](https://youtu.be/jPVgN3KlmQ8?si=OSZYm3g2JJkpNT0d)

(And don’t be put off by the thumbnail image - I love a good burger during training..!)

But as always not to be spammy here is the general gist of the video.

In my early marathons I used to guess what to eat and hope for the best, but after finishing - but not enjoying a few, I finally took a look at what I was putting in my body.

And to be honest, nothing ground breaking here, common sense but the key is just being consistent.

**1. Daily Training Nutrition**  
You can't eat “bad stuff” 4 times a week for 16 weeks and expect to feel good on race day.

Focus on getting complex carbs before your runs to fuel up, and 20 to 30 grams of high-quality protein right after to repair your muscles.

Hydration isn't just something you do when you’re thirsty, you need to hit your baseline consistently every single day so your body actually absorbs it.

**2. The Carb Load (Starts 3 days out)**  
I used to have a massive bowl of pasta the night before (aka the pasta party!) but that usually just left me feeling too heavy and super sluggish at the start line in the morning.

For me, the real carb load starts 72 hours before the race and in particular the 3 and 2 days out is the most important.  Yes there lots of debate about whether it should be 2 or 3 days.  But for me 3 days seems to hit the spot.

Aim for around 7 to 10 grams of carbs per kilo of body weight. Easiest way to do this without feeling incredibly bloated is to drink your carbs. Fruit juice and sports drinks are your goto during those three days - but you’ll be sick of them soon enough!

The usual: bagels, rice, pizza (2 days out) and pasta are your best solid food bets.

**3. Race Day Fueling**  
One thing I learned pretty quickly, and I misunderstood fuelling in race altogether for my first couple of marathons, is simply don’t wait until you feel tired to take a gel.

I aim for about 80 grams of carbs an hour. For me, that means taking a gel every 25 minutes like clockwork from the start. Literally put an alert on your watch to remind you.  If you miss one, don’t cram in an extra one.

Don’t forget the salt/sodium.  If your fingers are swelling up or your quads start twitching late in the race, your body needs sodium. I try for 500 to 700 milligrams of sodium an hour using salt tabs. Game changer for me, less fatigue and virtually no cramping.

**4. The Recovery Window**  
When you cross the finish line, your immune system is all over the place.  Don't go straight to the pub for a burger and a pint just yet!  (Although the bars in Paris were great and close to the finish line!).

20 to 30 grams of protein and 60 grams of carbs in within the first hour to get things moving again.  (You’ll still walk like a zombie for a bit, but the next day shouldn’t be too bad).  Then eat your burger!

Hopefully this helps.  Any questions, comments or thoughts happy to answer on here or over on the channel!

Happy running!

Paul

Workout of the Week - The Sisyphus Session Hill Workout

Workout of the Week is the place to talk about a recent  specific workout or race. It could be anything, but here are some ideas:

* A new workout
* An oldie but goodie workout
* Nailed a workout
* Failed a workout
* A race report that doesn't need its own thread
* A question about a specific workout
* Race prediction workouts
* "What can I run based on this workout" questions

_________________

This is also a place to periodically share some well-known (or not so well-known) workouts.  

**This week is The Sisyphus Session Hill Workout**.

By Mario Fraioli.

*Why:*

>The Sisyphus Session is one of the bread-and-butter strength-building sessions I like to have athletes do toward the end of base-building, in the weeks before beginning more pace-specific workouts. I’ll assign some variation of this workout to 5K racers, marathoners and everyone in between. It’s one hill session that doesn’t discriminate.

*What:*

* 30 seconds uphill @ 5K effort, jog down

* 60 seconds uphill @ 5K effort, jog down

* 90 seconds (1:30) uphill @ 5K effort, jog down

* 120 seconds (2:00) uphill @ 5K effort, walk down

* Recover. Repeat the full set up to 3 times.

>For a beginning runner or someone just getting back into harder workouts after a lengthy layoff, this is likely plenty of work the first time out. For more advanced runners looking to build some early-season strength, you can handle two to three sets (10-15 minutes of uphill running). If you’re feeling particularly ambitious, try a fourth set, but for most runners, three will be more than enough. This is a tough session!

For people too lazy to click the link - it is by effort, not pace.

But someone should do it by pace and report back.  Please.

What are your favorite workouts?

I've been recycling/adapting workouts from my XC days for years now. What are some favorites or effective workouts? I find fartleks and ladder workouts to be the most engaging. I'm currently targeting 10k and half marathon distance

Workout Format:

Name-

Targeted race distance-

Workout Details-

&#x200B;

Example:

Name- km Repeats

Targeted Race Distance- 5000m

Workout Details- 2mi Warmup + 7(1000m @ 5k goal + 1:30 Active recovery) + 1mi Cooldown

Progression Run: start out with 1-2 miles easy, then drop the pace down 10-30 seconds per mile until you simply cannot go any faster for the next mile. Easy in theory, difficult to pace in practice, but it hits lots of different paces and teaches you to run fast while tired.

Float Fartlek: After an easy warmup, do a few sets of 1-3 minutes hard with 1-3 minutes "float." The "float" pace is quicker than a typical easy jog but still slower than tempo pace. Think marathon pace or the pace you might hit on a nice crisp day when you are feeling good and want to cruise during an easy run. Repeat for 20-30 minutes worth of work then cooldown.

Broken Tempo + Intervals: warmup, then do 5-15 minutes at Tempo pace, take a few minutes recovery, then do some 5K/10K pace repeats (I usually do 800s with 400m rest), then do another 5-15 minutes at Tempo. This is pretty advanced so don't do it early in the season.

1-2-3-2-1 Fartlek: warmup, then do a few sets of 1 minute fast, 1 minute easy, 2 minutes fast, 2 minutes easy, 3 minutes fast, 3 minutes easy, and the back down. Great introductory workout that can still pack a punch later in the season too.

Time management…how do you fit your training into a busy schedule?

My work is going back into the office full time soon and I’m stressed about getting all of my training in. WFH has been amazing for my training. I’m training 9-12 hours a week with running and cross training. Doing a 60k soon, some half’s this summer, and an Ironman 70.3 in September. 

I work 40 hours/week with a 30min one way commute (so 1-1.25 hours total with traffic). My hours are a little early though. 0730am to 330pm. 

I’m married, no kids (yet) and a high energy German shepherd. I’m also doing 10-15 hours/week getting my bachelors degree. 

Doing 2 workouts per week + a long run and one recovery run. The rest of the time is strength training, cycling, and swimming. 

TIA!

Edit: thank you so much for all the amazing ideas! My eyes have been opened to how much time I really do have, I just need to be more efficient in my non running time. Y’all are amazing

The crucial part of this is the ‘no kids’ bit. It get’s a whole lot harder to fit the runs in then…

I run 70 miles plus with 2 soon to be 3 kids all under 5. EVERYTHING has to be done early AM if you want to put in high mileage with kids. I’m done with most of my runs by 7 which is around when most wake up. I’m never running past 9 AM. At most my wife has the kids for an hour alone but then we switch and she goes to the gym for her time. I long for the days when I can just go on a run whenever. The wife and kids were out of town one week and it was a whole new world.


There are 168 hours in a week. You're working/commuting 45, training 12, and spending 15 weeks for schooling. Let's say you're sleeping 9 hours/day, that's 63 hours.

That leaves you 33 hours each week to take care of everything else - almost 5 hours/day - what are you doing with that time?

Analyzing Workout

Hi r/AdvancedRunning!

Recently I completed the following workout:

5 x (1k + 400m) with 200m recovery after 1k and 600m recovery after the 400m.

Splits (1k, 400m): 2:58 68, 2:58 70, 3:00 71, 3:00 70, 2:59 68

I have been trying to break 15 in the 5k for some time now but due to covid my racing opportunities much like yours have been quite poor. However, I am finally signed up for some outdoor 3k and 5k's and I'm looking forward to throwing down some decent times.

Ny question to all of you is what might this workout predict? Is the rest too long to say its sub 15 quality? Let me know your thoughts!

Thanks everybody!

That's a fun structure.  Solid effort, I like the last 68.

I'd say it is sub 15 quality in that I could see a 14:50 runner doing that.  I wouldn't say it is a sub 15 predicator as I could also see a 15:10 runner doing it.

I like your chances though as you haven't peaked yet.

What is the best day for a legs work out ?

Hello everyone, 

26M, currently training around 40mpw for a 10k and 30k trail running races.

I like to go to the gym 2/3x a week to lift weights and I'd like to increase more my legs muscle strenght but I am usually hesitant to do a heavy weight legs workout the day before or after a speed track session or a hill reps workout. 

What would be the best day for a legs workout in terms of injury risk and efficiency, according to my week training schedule and to fact that I don't have access to the gym on the weekends :

**Monday** : Rest or legs work out ?

**Tuesday** : Track Session with my team (eg : 12x400m)

**Wednesday** : light run on the treadmills + weight work out (legs ?)

**Thursday** : Hills reps (eg : 5x1k uphill and downhill)

**Friday** : light run on the treadmills + weight work out (legs ?)

**Saturday** : Long trailrun 

**Sunday :** 30 miles bike session

Thank you for your help !

PS : I am not native english, I apologize for any mistakes

Easy days are to be easy, hard is to be hard!  Weights on your hard days, preferably before a day off.

I've always preferred to do weights on my easy days. I would run to the gym (about 2k), lift weights for an hour (full body workouts), and then do my easy run immediately after (generally 15-18km). If you do it on your workout days either your weights session will suffer or your workout will suffer, I've found. Because you have a bit less recovery time though you should be smart about backing off if youre not feeling great on a run or weights session

Runners who have incorporated strength training into their program, how do you maintain high quality workouts and speed sessions?

Whenever I try to do a hard session a day or two after hitting legs, my pace always suffers.

In the off season I do  whatever, whenever.

When it's closer to my goal races I'll try to put my gym days on the same day as my harder speed workouts- that way recovery days are truly recovery days and I'm not feeling doms on the longer runs days.

+1, I recommend this as well. I have found that if you are doing plyometrics or explosive lifts, you want at least an hour of downtime between working out and lifting. Another strategy that works well is AM workout / PM lift (or PM short run + lift if higher mileage), or PM workout / AM run + lift the next morning.

More broadly, you have to accept that your strength work is strictly supportive for your running (assuming your goal is to lift for the purpose of running faster of course) and realize that you're not going to be doing the same volume of lifting that a real lifter or bodybuilder would do. Here is the disclaimer I put at the top of the lifting program I made for the high school team I coached:

You need to check your ego at the door. You are a distance runner. You are not strong, and you will never be strong relative to larger, more muscular people. That is okay. Realize that lifting is merely a training tool: our goal is not to lift impressive amounts of weight! It is far better to lift lower weights correctly using a full range of motion and good technique.

How much time is needed for a impactful anaerobic endurance/capacity adaptation from a single "key" workout?

All of the coaches I've ever been talking to say that anaerobic adaptations from dashes are much shorter than required for aerobic adaptations, so they most unanimously prescribe the race specific "sharpening" anaerobic workouts at the end of the block or even during the taper phase (with a smaller volume/load).

Long story short, I have a major race, a 5000m track, in 48 hours and about ~16 hours ago I did 10 x 150m fast reps @ moderate-hard effort (7-9 RPE, I guess). This morning I'm feeling the large ones a little bit (the glutes), and now I'm wondering if I maybe did the workout a little bit too late to "reap" the benefits from it.

The thing is, I haven't been doing these kind of workouts for more than 15 year, so I may have forgot/missed someting, but I do clearly remember that back in the days we've been doing tons of sprints even the day before middle distance races. Heck, even competing at the meeting was regularly 400m race followed by 1500m race followed by 1-2 hours rest and then a major race 5 or 10km. Young hotheads having fun, I know.. I know. :)

To be clear, I don't have a problem with an actual muscle soreness, it will surely pass once I warmup again (even today for some short session), but I am curious will the yesterdays workout do (anything) for my upcoming race. BTW, the B plan is a 10k road race in 9 days, so no disaster whatsoever. TY

**edit:**

The 5000m track race went extremely well. Finished sub 18:00, but the conditions were not ideal - 30°C (86°F) with gentle to moderate breeze. VDOT actually converts this fitness level to something like 17:20 @optimal temperature, which makes me happy and is much better than I expected. Overall, I got a positive feedback loop from the aforementioned workout (done 3 days ago) and I feel like it helped more than it hurt. Will continue to try to implement similar anaerobic-heavy-loaded workouts close to the middle distance races.

According to Pfitzinger in Advanced Marathoning, it takes 10-14 days after a workout for us to see adaptations on a cellular level. That’s maybe a bit simplified, but it’s a good rule of thumb. Anything we do within that 10-14 day period is going to be more about having our legs ready to run fast from a neuromuscular standpoint than helping anything aerobic or metabolic.

The workout you did is pretty standard for a last workout pre race. You just did it too close to the goal race. I like to do that last fast effort like that 3-4 days out. Everything after that is easy running, with some light strides or accelerations mixed in.

Edit: I misread the timeline you gave. So the workout was basically three days out? You’ll probably be fine. Unless you really toasted yourself sprinting some of those 150s all out. In that case you’ll probably still be ok, but probably not ideal either.

How to not give up?

Hello everyone, 

I've been facing a peculiar issue lately and I could really use some advice. I've been finding it difficult to push through during challenging races and workouts. This is new for me because I've never had this problem before. Whenever things get tough, I've noticed that I'm more willing to take a mental and physical break to give myself some relief. 

For instance, during a recent marathon, I actually sat down at one point and even took walking breaks at aid stations. I have never walked during a marathon before. Another example is when I was supposed to do a challenging interval session, I somehow managed to convince myself to skip the most difficult part of the workout. 

This lack of motivation and determination is very unlike me, and I'm feeling confused and frustrated. I really want to get back on track and regain my mental strength. 

I'd love to hear your best tips and tricks for powering through tough workouts and races. Do you have an inner voice that motivates you? Maybe you have a specific strategy that works well for you? 

I'm also on the lookout for any recommended reading material or books that could help me improve my mental resilience and toughness specifically in relation to running.

You're burned out, take a break. Do something else. Biking, swiming, cardio machines, strength training, whatever. Just take a month or two off of running and then come back to it and see how you feel.

Sessions: supershoe or no?

Hi AR, what are peoples' views on using supershoes for sessions, vs reserving the shoes (and the physical & psychological boost they provide) for race day?

I'm in a marathon block and have been leaning towards non-super workout shoes (endorphin speed 3s for me) or even just regular trainers for the weekday and MP sessions on grounds that if I can hit the times and paces in regular shoes it'll be that much easier on race day. 

Lots of others in my group though pull out the plated shoes for every session and even change into them mid-run for MP sections of a long run. I feel I could be talked around. Pros and cons?

Thanks!

I run in supershoes for workouts but for a different reason. My legs feel orders of magnitude better the next day vs if I run the workout in a regular trainer. They really cut down on my recovery time and impact-related injury risk.

At this point there are many shoes that are not racing shoes but still have some sort of plate,  the endo speeds you mentioned, Prime Xs, the NB SC Trainer, Tempo Next% etc.  The shoe companies obviously think this is a viable category of shoe, so it seems legitimate to go with those for hard efforts.   The biggest reason for avoiding the race shoes is that they don’t last very long with optimal performance and are expensive.    I personally have been enjoying running in Takumi Sen 8s for speed work because they were on sale for $72.   There is a psychological benefit to lacing up a racing shoe for a race but you probably also get that for doing your workouts too.

Staple repeatable workouts for each distance

To keep things simple, what are your staple workouts for each distance (5k, 10k, half, full marathon) that is repeatable throughout a block? And how often do you run them?

5k: 6x1k 10k:3x2 miles
Half: 6 miles at LT
Full: 10 at MP.

https://reddit.com/r/advancedrunning/wiki/workoutoftheweek

Best way to maximize training with limited time

Hi, between work and a baby I have limited time to get my runs in but can usually manage 4 a week, sometimes 5. Right now I can get in 20-25 miles. I also manage to get some lifting in 1-2x a week: deadlifts, curls, etc.  
I typically do one longer run (7+ easy-ish miles, ideally more, just don't have the time), one speed run (800s or something similar), and then two really easy runs of 4-5 miles.   
I'm just wondering if anyone has ideas of how I can optimize my training. Do these runs make sense? Should I being doing other types of runs instead of the second easy run? What can help me increase my speed but also my aerobic base?  
Thanks!

Get a running stroller. And take that baby for a ride.

Not what you are asking, but a treadmill was a game-changer for me when my kids were small. I could sneak in runs while they napped or really early in the morning.

City runners- how to do a tempo/interval workout or strides without access to a track?

I live in a big city and do all of my running on city sidewalks and one 3 km trail that is shared with lots of other runners and bikers. There are a few tracks in my city but none that are near me and they are all closed for the foreseeable future. I also don’t have a car so I can’t drive to areas outside the city with more trails.

I would like to start adding in more workouts to my training, but having to maneuver pedestrians and stop at stop lights at every corner makes it difficult to run even a tempo run let alone intervals. I’ve done some intervals and strides around a park but it is frustrating and at times dangerous avoiding pedestrians and bikers.

Does anyone have any advice? I was thinking my only option might be to get up early and go to a nearby park before people are out (I do most of my running in the afternoons)

You pretty well answered your own question here. If you would like to do tempo work on a certain path and don't want the added bonus of ped/ cycling frogger, waking up early is your best bet.


I would recommend doing a few runs earlier in the morning to prepare/ scout the crowd level.

I'm going to admit on of my flaws here as a runner. I love treadmills. I especially love treadmills for speed training. I kind of enjoy the fact I can force myself to run exact intervals at exact paces on a TM. It's easier for me than going outside and using my watch to track everything (because I don't have access to a track either).

Now I understand that when it comes for training for races, when you use the TM you aren't getting used to maintaining that pace on your own, which will seriously limit you. So while it's best to get some important sessions outside, there's still nothing wrong with using a TM.

If you could only pick one intensity workout to do for the rest of your life, to improve general running performance (from 1 mile - Marathon), what would that workout be? 

Let’s assume you could only choose one specific intensity session to add to your easy running, what would it be?

You can mix up interval durations, distances & intensities all in this one workout. Intervals can be long enough to fit the definition of tempos / threshold.

The goal is to improve your PR’s all the way from 1500M to 26.2 miles. We’re looking for a good “catch-all workout”.

This doesn’t mean you have to your limit your overall time or distance in training, you can run 120 miles a week, if you want. But only one of those sessions can be 7+/10 perceived effort / zones 4-5 (on a 5 zone model). 

Long runs aren’t falling into the category of workouts in this instance, unless you are specifically adding bouts of intensity in there.

Even better if you can add your 2nd and 3rd place workouts. 

Can’t wait to see what answers you guys come up with. Love reading the insights and opinions on this sub!

*This post is a remake of one I made 30 minutes ago. In the previous post, I asked “what would be the best workout for half marathon performance?”… However, I realised the question that I was really trying to ask was “what’s the best workout for improving at all the different ranges?”*

8x 1 KM @ threshold with 1:00-1:30 recovery in between.

Note: I am not claiming that this is the best threshold workout. But as a sub 2:30 marathoner, I found this one to be solid without feeling too easy nor leaving me exhausted

Speed work in one session or spread out over the week?

Which is better and is the difference significant:

One session of 5k pace repeats totaling 3 fast miles (not counting rest intervals)

0.5-1 mi 5k pace at the end of easy runs through the week (example: 5.5 easy miles, 0.5 fast miles at the end, 6x per week)

I ask because the latter seems easier to do for me and according to some iron man training books, the benefits are similar.

Thanks

First by a lot. Running the intervals while fatigued or with limited recovery is important for various adaptations.

Hal Higdon's 5km Advanced Program - Running sub 20 5km

So I've recently been doing the daily suggested runs on my Garmin for a couple months now and it has been pretty fun. I feel like it has adequately allowed me to maintain fitness and increase weekly volume. However, with nothing to look forward to, I've decided to start a 5km program to improve my time in that race. I'd love to run a sub 20 min 5km but if that doesn't happen and I just improve, then I'm also cool with that.

I started [Hal Higdon's 5km program](https://www.halhigdon.com/training-programs/5k-training/advanced-5k/) this week so I'm on the first week, up to my first tempo session, but I have a few questions. My half marathon time was around 1 hr 43, and when I raced a 5km before I ever ran a half marathon, I did it in about 22:15 around a track. I wear my Garmin on all runs and it says my lactate threshold is 4:50min/km pace at 175bpm HR.

When I was doing the suggested daily runs, if it gave me a threshold it was usually a 4:50 or so pace, tempo was maybe around 5:10 or so but I'm a little confused how to manage this in Hal Higdon's program. Where he says '30 min tempo'. Would that workout be all up about \~50 mins? Say 10 min WU and 10 min CD and then running tempo for 30 mins say at a 5:10min/km pace? And then for the Saturday '6.4km fast' that would be adding a WU and CD on top of that but then run \~6.4km at say a 4:50 pace or even a little bit quicker I imagine? I guess I'm just struggling to figure out what pace I should be doing these 'tempo' and 'fast' sessions at. Or is 'tempo' a threshold run in Hal Higdon's world, and the 'fast' sessions are actually V02 max runs?

Also, does anyone have a view on the interval sessions? I'm surprised that he doesn't have people running 800m or even 1km reps? Considering the below is his 'advanced' program for the 5km. Thoughts?

&#x200B;

|Week|Monday|Tuesday|Wednesday|Thursday|Friday|Saturday|Sunday|
|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|:-|
|1|4.8km|5 x 400|Rest or easy run|30 min tempo|Rest|6.4km fast|60 min run|
|2|4.8km|8 x 200|Rest or easy run|30 min tempo|Rest|6.4km fast|65 min run|
|3|4.8km|6 x 400|Rest or easy run|35 min tempo|Rest|8.1km fast|70 min run|
|4|4.8km|9 x 200|Rest or easy run|35 min tempo|Rest or easy run|Rest|**5km Test**|
|5|4.8km|7 x 400|Rest or easy run|40 min tempo|Rest|8.1km fast|75 min run|
|6|4.8km|10 x 200|Rest or easy run|40 min tempo|Rest|9.7km fast|85 min run|
|7|4.8km|8 x 400|Rest or easy run|45 min tempo|Rest|9.7km fast|90 min run|
|8|4.8km|6 x 200|30 min tempo|Rest or easy run|Rest|Rest|**5km Race**|

Higdon defines all of these sessions on the plan description. Have you read through his guidance?

Where he says '30 min tempo'. Would that workout be all up about ~50 mins? Say 10 min WU and 10 min CD and then running tempo for 30 mins say at a 5:10min/km pace?

No, it's more of a progression run, 30 minutes total inclusive of an easy warmup, a progression up to ~10k effort, and an easy cooldown. Hal's words:

This is a continuous run with an easy beginning, a build-up in the middle to near 10K race pace (or slightly slower than your pace in a 5K), then ease back and slow down toward the end. A typical Tempo Run would begin with 5-10 minutes easy running, build gradually to 3-5 minutes at 10K pace, then 5-10 minutes cooling down. You can’t figure out your pace on a watch doing this workout; you need to listen to your body.

And then for the Saturday '6.4km fast' that would be adding a WU and CD on top of that but then run ~6.4km at say a 4:50 pace or even a little bit quicker I imagine?

For the Saturday runs, I suggest that you run “fast.” How fast is “fast?” Again, that depends on your comfort level. Go somewhat faster than you would on a “run” day. If you are doing this workout right, you probably do not want to converse with your training partner, assuming you have one. It’s okay now to get out of breath.

Also, does anyone have a view on the interval sessions?

Yeah, I think they're pretty poor. I think most people would be better served by slower, longer intervals. The 200s @ mile pace are fine (glorified strides) but hammering a bunch of 400m intervals at Higdon's "about the pace you would run in a 1500 meter or mile race" is far from ideal.

Considering the below is his 'advanced' program for the 5km.

Higdon is in my opinion "advanced for beginners" and I wouldn't recommend following the above plan. It's not terrible by any means, but I think leaves a ton of room for improvement. The intervals are too fast, the long run is too long, and there isn't enough easy miles, especially for a newer runner.

I would consider looking at another plan, like Daniels (from Daniel's Running Formula) or Pfitzinger (from Faster Road Racing), or just simply continuing to build your volume with a workout or longer run every 3-4 days, whenever you feel like you've recovered from the last one.

Massive pace boost from carbon plated shoes, confused about how to pace my marathon now and need help adjusting targets

Little background
I’m a 29 year old man, very active background with consistent running for the past year.  Max heart rate is 205ish, threshold is about 180. I built up my running mileage in 2024 and started a Pfitz 18/70 plan in January for a marathon at the beginning of May.  I have missed only a few runs due to extreme weather in February, but no important workouts. I have had large fitness gains during this block, especially over the last 8 100km+ weeks.  I have been targeting a sub 3 hour marathon and everything is on track, but after running in my race shoes for the first time last weekend I experienced a massive performance boost and now I am completely unsure how to pace my marathon and would appreciate any advice.  

 My daily trainer benchmark workout is a run from two weeks ago with 22.5km @ just below my goal marathon pace at the time (4:15).  I ended up running closer to 4:11/km for those 22.5km with my heart rate in the mid to high 170s throughout.  The conditions for this run were brutal with wind and rain which may have contributed, but my heart rate and RPE were both at just below my threshold for most of the run.  I did this run in daily trainers (Gel Cumulus) as I have for pretty much all of my workouts this block.  This workout felt hard and I felt that I would be relying on tapering and possibly faster shoes to maintain this pace for a whole marathon.

My issue/ new benchmark workout is my 32km long run from this weekend (2 weeks later), I wore my race shoes (Metaspeed Edge Paris) for this workout on the advice of the store employee who sold them to me to make sure they work well before race day.  They work extremely well.  I ended up running entirely to heart rate for this progressive run because the paces were so much easier in these shoes.  I ran the first 10km @ 4:20/km pace with my heart rate in the 150s, then over the next 20 km I cut down to 4:03/km, comfortably running most of those kms under 4:10/km with my heart rate never even touching 170, mostly in the low 160s on the flats.  I am blown away by these super shoes and feel I have gained 20+ seconds per km at the same exertion level.  I was holding my original sub 3 goal pace easily while in zone 2, and could even run 10+ seconds faster while remaining well below threshold.  This workout felt remarkably easy, and I felt I could have continued on another 10km to the full marathon distance without much difficulty.

The weekend in between these two runs I ran a 5k on a track in 18:14 in daily trainers, I may have been able to go a bit faster and my heart rate would agree, topping out about 10 beats below my max, but this was over a minute faster than my previous PB and already felt optimistic when starting the session.  

How do you think I should pace my marathon in 3 weeks given the boost I received from super shoes?  Should I still go for sub 3 (4:16/km) to start and pick it up in the last 10km if I feel good? Judging by my long run in super shoes the VDOT equivalent of 2:54 (4:08/km) from the 5k time feels realistic as a pace goal, I’m kind of leaning towards aiming for that on race day?  I have one more tune up race this Saturday that I had not planned on wearing race shoes for, maybe I should wear my race shoes then and determine goal marathon pace from the result of that effort instead?  After my 5k effort my Coros watch adjusted my marathon estimate to around 2:52 which also seems sort of possible with super shoes.

I’m new to running and don’t know how much I should be adjusting my marathon goals based on these efforts.  I would still be over joyed to run a sub 3 if I finish in 2:59:59, but given the paces I could hold in better shoes I don’t want to waste fitness on race day and leave time on the table unnecessarily.  

The 32km run I did in super shoes was along much of the marathon route, with the portions I missed out on either being completely flat or slightly downhill.  The marathon itself is a net downhill with only 150m of gain, all in the first half, and totally flat for the last 20km.

Any advice is really appreciated, I can provide more information if there are any other important factors I have left out!  My taper starts this week and I’m already freaking out

I think you have it right to maintain goal (3hour) pace then increase speed if you feel good. Assuming this is your first full marathon if you are newer to running -- you won't fully learn how racing a full marathon feels until you do it the first time. Training gives you a good approximation, but race day can bring some unique feelings and sensations.

If at the end you feel like you could've done more, congrats! Time to get ready for the next one with what you've learned!

Effectiveness of Long Run workouts for 5k/10k runners

Age 19. My New Year’s Resolution is to run a sub 16 minute 5k. Unofficial PB is 17:33 (April 2025) and I ran 17:53 last Wednesday. I didn’t run for 3 months from August to November in 2025 because I lacked motivation and my fitness dropped significantly when I started running again.

I’m currently doing 2 sessions a week, a threshold and a 5k specific workout with easy runs on other days. I may add a hills session every 2 weeks. Currently at 70km/week and will intend to jump to 80km/week in 3 weeks time.

I’ve always done my long runs at easy pace.

My question is **whether there is any worth of incorporating a workout into the long run** since the race distance is quite short compared to a half marathon and marathon.

I’ve seen Adam Fogg on YouTube do some long tempos of 17km+ which made me wonder.

Would love to hear your thoughts and see linked articles.

Ingrid Kristiensen held 5k, 10k and marathon WR at same time and she said she ran easy every long run.

Don't copy YouTubers. Most of them haven't a clue. Read Daniel's, Pfitz, Copeland, Bakken and listen to real coaches and pros.

How to best take advantage of working from home? Stretches, exercises, etc?

I’m in a great situation where I get to work from home, but I’m trying to make the most of it when it comes to my running fitness 

What’s the best thing I can do all day? 

I’m getting up every hour to walk around, I’m barefoot so I try to do my inner/outer arch walks every other trip or so. I have a standing desk so I try to use that periodically as well. 

Should I be hamstring stretching? Glute bridging? Baby squatting? Calf raising?

What’s the best bang for my buck to prioritize, knowing I still need to actually get work done too lol

Best bang for your buck would be to fit in more sleep than if you were having to travel elsewhere. Unless you're already getting optimum sleep for recovery.

For me the flexibility on timing, variety and quality of nutrition is also a major advantage when working from home compared to commuting.

Your easy pace (including HR + race paces)

Hi all,

I know this has been discussed previously. However, one thing I haven't really seen is discussion around HR + race paces too.

I train by HR when it comes to easy runs. I recently ran a 1:14 HM 2 weeks ago and have recently slowed my easy runs down completely to as far as 8:45 - 9 min miles. For recovery, so after a session, they drop as low as 9:20-25 per mile. This is just a shuffling pace and I tend to aim for around 128-130 HR as this feels truly easy. My HR within my HM race was around 167-8 average, going into 170 - 172 towards the end as I started to push pace. My 5k / tough 5k workouts can push around 178-180 typically, sometimes slightly higher.

I'm on a block at the moment of around 65-67 miles per week and have maintained this for 9 weeks straight going into my A goal race in a couple of weeks. Before this, I was doing 70-80 miles per week but finding it unsustainable + was running easy days at like 7:45-8 min miles but comparing this to some of the elites, it just seems far too quick and plus I felt like I wasn't truly recovering.

I'm really interested to hear about others and what their paces + HR look like? Am I running my easy runs too slow? Even if my sessions are feeling good or is there no such thing as too slow?

Easy running well under 70% max HR for me. More like 65% feels truly easy, maybe less. That's around 4:40-50 /km depending on stuff like wind, shoes etc. that's about 1/10 RPE. When I get up around 67-68% MHR, that's the top end of easy and might he around 4:30/km. I certainly wouldn't want to run much faster than that day in, day out. Quite quickly the easy days become moderate and that's where a lot of problems begin IMO.

Around a 15 flat 5k runner and have dipped under 31 for a 10k. 2:24 marathon. Easy is easy. It's probably overkill but if it's hilly in any places I've run , I just walk up the hill. Obviously, this is unnecessary in the grand scheme, but I feel helps keep me honest and sticking to easy, being, well easy and not getting into habit of running harder, when the whole purpose is just an easy day to buffer workout days. When I first started out these were incredibly slow in terms of pace, but effort the same (as a % of HR, often a lot more walking involved).

For easy days I literally don't have anything on my watch screen apart from them elapsed and HR. Not a lot else matters really.

How to use cycling for pure running performance (without killing workout days)?

I’m looking for help from runners who use cycling to build a bigger aerobic engine. My goal is to run faster and win races, but I want to leverage the bike to maximise my fitness by commuting with it and etc.


Two questions on how to balance them:


Volume: Does it ever make sense to intentionally reduce running mileage to fit the bike in? Or should cycling only be used as an add-on to pad total volume? For context, I have been running for 3 years and only in the last 9 months started to do structured training and within this training I was hitting 185-200km weeks, so structurally my body can take high mileage and I recover well.


Fatigue: How do you protect your hard running sessions? What guardrails do you use (e.g., high cadence, strict Zone 2 HR caps) to avoid feeling depleted during threshold workouts?

Cheers!

How some pros are getting around the GI issues with Bicarb (taking it the night before)

Hi all. Been awhile since posting here, but it had come to my attention that there was not a lot of info out there regarding the ways that bicarb is being used in some elite marathoner's (and other endurance athlete's) training and racing regimens. I am incredibly lucky to be in contact with a few professional runners, and love to try new things that I hear them mention in their training. Bicarb isn't a super frequent topic of discussion, but one day it came up and one of my friends mention that Connor Mantz had told him he had been taking Bicarb the night before his races and some big training sessions, and that this idea what suggested directly through people working at Maurten. I was initially skeptical because no where online could I find any info pertaining to this being an option. In fact it seemed there everywhere I could find was suggesting that the 1.5-2 hour window was extremely strict and necessary to see any tangible benefits. I had tried using bicarb before, even several week in a row, but could never mitigate GI issue and having to use the bathroom mid workout, so figured I'd never be able to use it for a marathon.

Just yesterday I tried the overnight method for the first time, and I gotta say, I'm a believer. My workout was 4-6x2mi at LT with 90 sec jogging rest (also worth noting I train in Colorado at 5400ft elevation). I made it through all 6 reps averaging roughly 5:11/mi pace (not counting jog rests, \~7:20/mi pace). I've done a lot of threshold work in my life, and I know how it feels, especially in the later stages of the workout. A typical threshold session for me probably involves anywhere from 6.2-9.3 miles (10-15km) at LT, so the idea of being able to handle 12 miles and not hit a hard wall is crazy to me. No stomach discomfort and still got that weird feeling of "shouldn't lactate be kicking in right about now?"

I discussed this with some of my other runner friends throughout the country and one of them mentioned that they know at least one Olympic speed skater who does the night before method. After doing more sleuthing expanding my searches to outside of just the running world and bicarb, I was able to find [this article](https://www.triathlete.com/nutrition/the-next-big-performance-booster-is-baking-soda/) that supports the idea that bicarbonate levels stay elevated for MANY HOURS (9+ hours lab tested!).

Anyways, I know this is one of those things that really only applies to those trying to squeeze out every extra second and maximize all possible aspects of race day, but that's what an advanced running subreddit should be all about! I also didn't see much public info about methods outside of following the exact instructions on bicarb products, and think that the more people experiment the better!

i think the 90-120min window was when the focus was heavily on middle distance, which anecdotally i agree with; however from experience as well, i have found that my runs the day after an evening race with bicarbonate are always exceedingly relaxed

Any idea what Runna is Based on?

I had been using the app Runna quite a bit until I got more serious and read Daniel’s and Pfitz marathon books.

Currently still using Runna (kind of) to build into Pfitz’s 18/55 in December.

It got me thinking, what’s the philosophy behind Runnas training.

It seems kind of lower on the volume but higher on the intensity. There seems to be nearly always 2 workouts in the week.

A session around lactate threshold and then an interval type workout where it’s all out.

I used it for a half and hit the target it estimated but I felt like even the easy runs were a lot of faster days. More out of curiosity than anything.

I’ll probably stick to the 18/55 come marathon time even though Runna has marathon plans. The former just seems more tried and tested.

I take Runnas suggestions as a “best week ever” scenario and then tone it down as needed.

Effect of (healthy) weight loss

I’m curious what results others received in dropping a few pounds. I am 5’10”, 170lbs. I would guess I have a bit more muscle than the average runner but I’m not a muscle guy by any means. 

I’m hovering around 3:00 marathon shape right now and shooting for a 37:30 10k in a couple months. I don’t want to lose too much weight (overall fitness is more important to me than fastest possible marathon time) but I’m curious how much difference others have seen. 

I’m running about 30mpw right now in an offseason. I try to do a workout or two on the track but mostly, I’m just maintaining, so this would be a good time to try to drop weight. 

Most of the numbers I’ve seen for performance improvements came from much slower or much heavier runners. Although I wouldn’t consider myself an advanced runner, I have definitely moved out of the space where pretty much every variable improves my running. 

Anyone in a similar situation have some insight?

Dropping weight = me going faster.  I’m not going to get into if it is good or bad etc but for me, losing weight made me faster, week by week, kg by kg.

Was about 59kg last year when I ran PBs at all distances.  I’m now about 5/6 kg heavier.  For 10k I’m 2 mins slower with very similar training.  Currently starting to try to lose some. Not easy as I’m a bit of a binge eater I’m afraid! Frustrating as I know at the moment I can’t train enough to get the gains of those few KG.

Update after two years: "How can you tell you have reached your genetic limit?"

So, here goes an update after two years of: [https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/1h4mdgj/how\_can\_you\_tell\_you\_have\_reached\_your\_genetic/](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/1h4mdgj/how_can_you_tell_you_have_reached_your_genetic/)

I still didn't ran such impressive times, but nowadays some things are easier. What has changed?

Official track 500m (2024): 04:09 (02:46/km)  / (2026): 04:03 (02:42/km)  
Official track 5000m (2024): 15:55 (03:11/km) / (2026): 15:45 (03:09/km)

Now, you may ask, isn't basically a nothing of a change?   
And, of course, it is a big change.  
I ran those 2024 times absolutelly exausted and feeling bad, and the 2026 times were last weekend, 14h apart from each other, and I was feeling great during and after the tests. As a matter of fact, today was already the first speed workout after those.   
\-> Reduced my workload (finished PhD and reduced work hours from 40h/w to 25h/w, of course, earning a lot less).   
\-> Got a nutritionist help (I should eat between 3200-3700 calories a day, and I was eating 2500-3000, so the weakness I was feeling was subnutrition, basically).   
\-> Got my volume up to 120k/w average (peak weeks 130-40, easy ones 90-100). 

  
1500m (1:04/1:04/1:04/51)   
5000m (3:12/3:08/3:08/3:14/3:03) 

Those were so smooth, I was the only one who left the track without laying on the floor, I think now it is possible to chase those dreamed 3:59 and 14:59. Let's hope.   
I'll be back soon (or in two years?) for updates.  

Man I was so confused with your original post cause you're missing the 1 in 1500. Why's it taking him 4 minutes to run 500 meters and finishing a 5k in 15?

Dealing with potential burnout

19 year old male NAIA collegiate runner here. To preface I was a decent runner in high school, I ran 60 miles a week in training and got myself into 4:24 mile shape and 1:58 800 shape after many weeks of hard training. I ran cross country as a freshman this year and did okay with a 26:23 personal best. During the season, however, I ended up just starting to not enjoy workouts and sorta giving up when it got tough. In races I felt that I was only giving 80%. I just never had it in me to push. In high school I would push myself to the brink, but now that extra gear just isn’t there. Recently I’ve been training on my own during winter break for indoor track and have yet to complete a single workout because whenever it gets tough I fail. I just don’t enjoy running anymore. It was my love and pride and joy but now I just couldn’t care less about it. Any possible explanation as to why I’m feeling this way??

It sounds like you need a break either from workouts or running all together. You're likely just burned out. Take some time off and do some other things you enjoy doing and see if the spark comes back.

Also, you may just not be in to running anymore! likes/dislikes change as you age and that's totally normal!!

What are your race day hacks and/or superstitions? 

I had a really nice training cycle. No injuries just consistency with steady improvement. Track workouts gave me confidence and I had a lot of fun on the journey. I couldn’t ask for anything more but nice conditions on race day of course. 

I wouldn’t mind shaving off a few more seconds and I’d love to hear your race day must do’s to give me that edge! 

In high school track I always put my socks on before the rest of my uniform and that allowed me to have a good race ha. A friend of mine always took pepto to calm him stomach. Another girl I know put Vaseline on her legs to keep them warm??? 

I can’t wait to hear yours. 

Not wearing any race related swag before I finish. I won’t even touch the stuff they give out at the expo till I finish.

Wake up at 3am, drink some electrolytes and pray to the colon gods that I can take a shit. I hate using the porta-loos.

Quoting Sage Canaday (2:16 marathoner):

"I’ve been in the sport of distance running for over 27 years. I still think “Weight Training” is totally overrated for most runners looking to improve (in terms of “big running gains”). Hybrid athletes and “influencer coaches” love to focus on weights instead of more Zone 2 or actual distance running. The reality is for most people if you are simply exercising more (running and/or lifting) you’re probably going to improve and become more fit, that isn’t to say weight and resistance training doesn’t have a key place in your running training (I lift too!)….but it is more about injury prevention, addressing muscular imbalances and boosting testosterone/metabolism. (Especially important for bone density as we age!). Sure I want to stimulate my fast twitch muscle fibers and add “power” to my stride. But I still think it’s generally overrated (for actual distance running performance gains…for most runners). Run more instead!"

TL;DR: Run more.


Are you mid 45+ male running sub 2:45 marathons? If yes, what does your training plan look like?

I'm 46 y/o male. I can consistently run 2:52-2:55's and feel generally fine'ish during a race. Current PR is 2:48 when I was 44 (Houston Marathon). I pushed hard during that race and felt like I was running up against my natural limitations. Since that time I focused on mid 2:50s as race targets mostly bc I didn't want to do the suckfest of sub 2:50. I'm running Chicago this fall and I'm toying with the idea of pushing for a new PR and a stretch goal of sub 2:45. Interested to hear what your training looks like (mpw, example track workout, block length, etc), your carb plan for the race, and anything else you did that you felt gave you that added edge.

I don't run sub 2:45, but there's a guy in my club who is 48 and just ran a 2:35 at Boston, a PB. He runs at least 26 miles every Saturday and doubles almost every day for his commute. He runs 120-130 mpw. He is an alien.

Does he have a family or social life? The barrier for me is just having time to train that much.

Wife, 2 kids, real job. His social life is his running friends as far as I can tell.

Running fasted versus liquid calories before runs?

Over time I've discovered that I feel much much better running without eating solid food.  I currently run nearly all of my runs (up to 2 hours) without any sort of calories.  

&#x200B;

So last meal at 7pm.  Run at say 8am the next morning.  I have no perceived problems running any intensity any length that I typically run without eating (for example anything from 2 hour easy or 1:15 tempo run) but physiologically speaking would I be better consuming some liquid calories before these runs?  

&#x200B;

I've read about  "protein breakdown in muscles" on fasted runs.  So is it a bad idea to continue to run fasted?  I don't mind taking in Liquid calories , just do not like eating food before running. 

&#x200B;

 I have to think there is some advantage of "fat adaptation" by running fasted to adapt body to burning more fat and less glycogen that would have a positive impact in racing longer races like 1/2 marathon and above.

If you feel fine then keep on doing what you’re doing. You probably have enough glycogen in your liver and muscles for it to not be a problem.

I would think about things from a recovery perspective. If you consume carbs before or during your run then you can get a head start on recovery. You might be less likely to raid your food cupboards.

The fat adapted stuff… I don’t know how you can measure it. I wouldn’t race on the basis of guessing my fat adaptations but instead I just make sure I consume enough carbs. It’s easier.

One Quality Workout Per Week - What is it?

Very open ended and hypothetical question here - if you could only run ONE quality workout session per week, what would it be? 

Assumptions:
- Intermediate Runner (experienced runner for at least a few years; not weekend warrior, not elite athlete)
- Weekly training consists of one “Long Run”, one quality workout, and easy mileage for all other runs
- “Mid-Season” workout; Training foundation has been established; Goal Race is at least 3 weeks out.

Include:
- Goal Race (Mile/5K/10K/10Mile/HM/Marathon)
- Total Weekly Mileage
- Workout (total mileage, warm up routine, cool down routine, work-bout pace, rest-bout pace, # reps/sets)


Example:
- 10 Mile
- 60 MPW
- 2 mile easy warm up, AIS, plyometrics, 3x2mile @ 10k pace w/ 2 minute walk recovery, 2 mile easy cool down


I’m mostly just looking for some specific thoughts on what people think is the most beneficial workout/quality session they do when training for their race. Lots of online threads and books already saying vVO2, threshold, tempo, hill sprints, etc. But I’d like to gather more specific details based on a specific goal race.

I don’t think you can go wrong targeting threshold. Improving threshold running will help in almost all race distances.

How did you get to a sub 3 marathon?

This post is partially about the question in the title and partially to get advice on my marathon goal based on the information below. 

I have set out a goal to run a sub 3 hour (preferably closer to 2:50) marathon in April of 2022 in order to qualify and run Boston in 2023. I started running in highschool and I've been running off and on (mostly off) the past 15 year.  After graduating I had a fairly consistent running routine in 2012 that lead to a 5k PR of 19:32. Stopped running consistently after that until 2018 when another good routine lead to a 5k of 19:53. Both of these times came when I was able to maintain about 25-35 mpw with 2-3 quality sessions per week plus a long run. I'm currently in the midst of another consistent workout routine and feel that I could run a race in sub 20 (although with everything going on currently there's no  official race to prove that). Other info about me (if it matters) 30 year old male, 6 ft and 160 lbs (hope to get closer to 150-155 with increased mileage). 

I've drafted a mileage increase plan using 24 week progressions (broken into spring and fall seasons) based on Jack Daniel's running formula that will have me peak at 90 mpw in the spring of 2022.

Those of you that have run sub 3 can you share how you got there? Also if there is anyone who had started with a similar 5k PR and got to  sub 3, please share what your PR progression in 5k, 10k, half marathon, and marathons.

Long and the short of it - I trained more.  Added more distance, increase the tempo speeds.  In a lot of ways you can simply break down your expected pace based on a number of training factors:

1.⁠Average MPW
2.⁠Tempo pace
3.⁠Long run pace (most important the final ~1/4)
4.⁠Tune up race pace


If I were training for a sub-3 again (and I probably will be as I'm now almost two years off my PB of 2:40 and going to make a comeback post COVID) I would aim for the following:

1.⁠Avg 40+ peak @ 50-60 mpw in in the lead up to the taper (or more BUT do not sacrifice quality for quantity).
2.⁠Faster than 6:15 ideally getting comfortable at 6 flat for shorter and 6:10 for longer
3.⁠18+ milers you should be finishing (last 4) at MP
4.⁠You want to run a HALF @ 1:25 ish (there are plenty of conversion sites to guide you here).

Run more. I went from a 3:48 first marathon to a 2:25 PR, as I have gotten more serious I have added speed work but the #1 thing you can do to get better at the marathon is to run more. You should be able to run 10+ miles everyday and not feel like it is taking a lot out of you.

I think the first time I went under 3 I was averaging 45-50 miles a week, first time under 2:40 I was averaging 75 miles a week, first time under 2:30 I was averaging 95 miles a week. You can get away with lower mileage in shorter races but not the marathon.

How aggressive is your 2-week taper?

I've been tracking a buddy of mine and he was averaging 60-70 MPW and ran 20+ 2 weeks out and then his last 2 weeks, he had what I thought was the most aggressive taper I've seen:

2 weeks out: 33 MPW (6/6/5/5/10) - 12 days out he does 4 @ \~MP (6 miles total)  
week of: 13 miles (3/4/3/3) - 4 days out he does 2 @ MP (4 miles total)

He then runs a 2:37 in Berlin this weekend! He also did something like this last year for CIM, a little less aggressive, but still a solid 2 week taper and ran < 2:40.

Historically I've been a 40-45 MPW runner and I would do something like 35 MPW 2 weeks out and then 21 miles the week of. Perhaps I'm not tapering enough given my lower mileage. I usually do 3x1 mile repeats 10-days out and then 2 @ MP with 7 miles total. I'm now totally reconsidering given his results!

I guess I've always been fearful of "losing fitness" during the taper but based on this, seems like he was fine. I've seen some posts of people still doing monster final workouts during the taper to stay sharp, so it's really interesting. 

What are your thoughts? I know there are plenty of taper posts, but this was something I found fascinating given his results and his lack of monster efforts.

Sub 40 minute 10k realistic?

Re-submitting with the appropriate information:

I just finished the Cherry Blossom Ten Miler yesterday and was able to PR my 10k time within the race at 42:39. I'm curious what the consensus would be if shooting for a sub 40 minute time would be realistic. I have one I'm signed up for coming up and am doing a training block to roughly peak for it.

Age 34

Sex-male

Current MPW + pace -MPW-25-35 easy run pace 8:30-9:30

Previous peak MPW-Peak MPW-40 during peak of a marathon training block

Workouts you traditionally or recently have completed-Recently finished a half marathon training plan with roughly the following workouts weekly, 1 long run(1.5-2 hours, 10-14 miles), 1 interval/speed session(usually something like 6x1k tempo with 2 mins recovery jog), 2 endurance runs at easy pace(working on zone 2 running for those runs) 

Goals (including specific races)-Signed up for the Marine Corp Marathon this fall and am shooting for between a 3:15-3:30 goal time. 

Previous PRs-
 5k-20:21(haven't raced one seriously in years, this was done solo when I was bored in 2020) 
10k-44:30 in a race(Fall 2022) 
42:39 in the 10 miler this past weekend 10 miler-1:10:13 (April 2023) 
Half Marathon-1:36:02 (March 2023) 
Marathon-3:51:49(December 2022, not a race just out solo)

Thanks for any insight!

Fast absorbing carb drink for endurance training?

Trying to find a fast absorbing carb drink with a 2:1 glucose fructose ratio for endurance training that's easier on the stomach than taking multiple gels.

Most of my sessions are around 90–150 minutes and once intensity goes up, solid foods don't sit well. I've experimented with a few carb drink mixes and some DIY maltodextrin blends, but absorption and stomach comfort vary a lot.

Curious what others are using during longer workouts. Any mixes or formulas built around a 2:1 glucose fructose ratio that work well?

edit: I ended up testing The Feed Lab High-Carb Drink Mix and honestly it worked really well for what I was looking for.

I gave it a shot because it’s built specifically for higher carb intake during endurance sessions, and the glucose/fructose setup seemed closer to what I wanted versus piecing together DIY mixes. I also liked that it was simpler to measure and mix before long rides/runs instead of guessing ratios myself.

Used it on a couple 2+ hour sessions and it felt noticeably easier on my stomach than doing multiple gels. Energy felt steadier, less of that overloaded sweet feeling, and it was easier to keep sipping consistently.

Aren’t they all fast absorbing?

not so much ... fructose is slower to absorb than glucose, sucrose (AKA sugar, is 1:1 fructose:glucose) will be slower because of being half fructose, maltodextrin (fancy glucose) clears stomach faster than straight glucose so will get absorbed faster.

GI index quantifies this ... Fructose (15) vs. Sucrose (65) vs. Glucose (100) vs. Maltodextrin (varies but ~120 for most sports fuel)

Stephen Scullion (2:09 marathoner) gym program

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yHCz0HxesU

Came across this video while looking for strength work form/technique videos. I don't know about you, but I'm more likely to do an exercise if I see an elite runner doing it (I'm a little more motivated to implement plyometrics now... hurdle drills, less so). That said, Scullion himself says that he isn't a strength & conditioning coach, so consult one if you want an individualised program and to learn how to do these exercises safely and properly. 

Stephen Scullion is an Irish distance runner. His PBs include a 2:09:49 marathon (London, 2020) and a 61:08 HM (2020). He competed in the marathon at the Tokyo Olympics last year, but was a DNF. Reading some interviews ([1](https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/other-sports/stephen-scullion-i-ve-been-like-a-wrecking-ball-since-i-was-18-years-of-age-1.4556204), [2](https://www.irishexaminer.com/sport/arid-30975297.html)), he has an interesting backstory.

---

On the gym program itself, taking 45-50 minutes, Scullion reports having done this same routine for a year. He reports doing gym sessions twice a week, usually on track workout days (it's unclear whether he does this program twice a week, or two different programs). He speaks of focusing on 'dynamic movement patterns', keeping loose in the hips, building strength and control, recruiting more muscle, and specifically for himself, working on his weaknesses (abductor muscles). 

---

Thanks Youtuber Saeed Almansoori for having written these out in the comments of the video. I've renamed some, and roughly grouped them, but as you can see, Scullion switches the exercises up.

**Mobility (2-3 sets over 5 hurdles):**

1- lead leg raise trail leg over hurdle walkovers (arms high).

2- airplane (slow swing leg).

3- side rise and using arms.

4- forward, pause halfway, forward.

5- forward, forward, back one.

6- side movement with leg rise & hopping.

**Plyometrics 1**

7- jumps/hops, 2 legs then 1 leg then backward and forward.

8- Countermovement Jumps

.

9- toe and heel walks

10- Lunge circuit with kettlebell: lunges, lunges with upper body twist, lunges with pauses.

11- side abductor lunges (with knee lift/drive upon return)*

**Plyometrics 2**

12- single-leg bounds; hop and stick.

13- standstill jumps.

.

14- split lunges (with barbell; rear leg elevated)

15- single-leg step-ups (with barbell, with a bang and drive up)

**Plyometrics 3**

16- box jump.

.

17- quarter squats (with barbell) - Scullion reports having progressed to 100-120kg from 50-60kg.

18- Abductor squeezes (with ball between legs)*

19- hamstring hold/bridge hold with single leg*

20- single leg calf 10s isometric hold(using machine), alternating for total 60s... not a calf *raise* hold?

*injury specific

---

Thoughts? I quite liked the final thought that Scullion ended the video with... if you want to train harder, you need to get stronger. He attributes some of his success over the marathon to the strength work that he has done.

I don't think this is necessarily a great program for everyone, but seems to be good example of what a program for runners can look like, showcasing a variety of exercises.

Looks like a good program but with a lot of fluff. I had the opportunity to talk to Jared Ward a while back about his strength routine and it sounded similar to this with plyo and single leg work. Jared swore by weighted hamstring work in addition to that though. A mortal/non pro runner could reap 90%+ of the benefits of this in a third the time with just trap bar deadlifts, a single leg exercise (step ups or Bulgarian split squats), and some banded hip drills (monster walks and side steps)

When to do core/strength work

I'm trying to make myself do more core work (abs, back, etc.) and strengthening sessions (squats, etc.) before Boston next spring. The new version of Pfitz' book has some good, illustrated routines, and recommends doing the core stuff 3x week and the strength stuff 2x week.

Here's the question: On what days should I try to do this stuff? Is it better to try to workout early in the am on my regular tempo run days—and keep the recovery days easy? Or do the strength work on recovery days so I'm not too trained to run the workouts?

What do you all do?

If I'm adding strength work for a runner, if schedules allow, I add it as a double or as a second workout with a harder day. So, if I have a runner doing quality work on Tuesday/Thursday, I'll have them lift on those days post hard run.

I don't want to sacrifice the quality run, and the strength after makes the hard day HARD, then the easy day after or even a rest day depending on the runner.

If you lift before the workout, then you are fatigued for the workout.

You also could workout on the day after a hard workout. Some runners respond okay to this as the weightlifting isn't as fatiguing to them. But, in my experience, this can cause lingering fatigue without proper rest.

On the core stuff I don't think it matters because it's not too taxing enough that you will carry over a lot of fatigue into following workouts.

What is your recovery period on track workouts?

When looking at plans, there is a big disparity of options. When you do a track workout like 12x400 what do you do between the reps? How about 6x800? 4xmile? Any other rest specific tips out there?

It all depends on the workout, both the paces and the goal of the workout.  Mile/kilometer repeats at a relaxed pace? I jog about 200m.  400m repeats at mile pace? 400m jog.  Faster than mile pace 400s? 600-800m jog sometimes.  5k pace 400s? Maybe 200m, or maybe 3 or 4 sets with 100m jog, and more rest between the sets.  So in general, the way I train, the faster the rep, the longer the recovery, with mile pace being about 1:1 in terms of jogging distance if you are doing active recovery.  But this all depends on the goals of the workouts and the overall design of your plan, and if you have a coach or someone who advises you on your training, you should ask them.

What is the rationale behind deload/cut-back weeks when building volume?

This is a question that could reveal my own ignorance more than anything, but it's been bugging me for years and I would love to get some clarity from the fine folks here.

Just about every running plan I've seen prescribes some sort of non-linear volume increase, where there is a period of increased weekly load followed by a week of decreased load before increasing again. I don't understand the purpose of this.

If someone wanted to increase their volume from say 40 mi/wk to 52 mi/wk over a 12-week period, wouldn't it make more sense to increase mileage by 1 mi/wk, as opposed to making more significant jumps and then cutting back? What is the rationale for choosing an uneven distribution of load increase which then requires a deload, compared to smoothing out that curve and allowing your body to adapt in a more consistent manner?

Obviously, this post is in no way questioning the utility of deload weeks in the presence of excess fatigue or injury symptoms. But if volume is managed appropriately, is there any reason to include deload/cut-back weeks when increasing volume?

Edit: For those saying that 1 mi/wk is insignificant, replace that with any rate of increase you find significant. I'm asking about the approach to loading, not the specific load increase mentioned in my example.

Rest, let the body adapt, and then stimulate it again.
I think the idea its to take advantage of "supercompensation" on some level. Train at an unsustainable level for a few weeks, then recover.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercompensation

You may have heard of the "Norwegian singles approach" which is kind of the opposite, and the idea is to do exactly what you're proposing, run almost the exact same sustainable training week in week out and progress ever so slightly in pace / volume over time.

Is deloading necessary if your milage increase is conservative?

I'm running 30ish mpw with 5 runs per week currently, and I'd like to increase that. I don't follow any formal plan but I get the gist of training week, 80% easy run, 20% speedwork, long run, etc.

If I increase my mpw, say, one mile per week. Do I still need to deload at the 3rd or 4th week of increasing milage? So for example, 35, 36, 37, 38... could I keep going until I reach my 50mpw? Or do I still need to deload on the 3rd or 4th week?

Deload weeks are for your recovery to "catch up" and reduce injury risk. It would be reasonable to assume with smaller increases you'd need less/smaller deloads.

However, we have a lot of research showing that periodization - making training loads cyclical in short, medium, and long cycles - is superior for training gains. 

There aren't very good reasons to just keep increasing slowly, so you'd likely improve more with bigger weekly increases but then deloads.

What percentage of volume reduction for a deload week is adequate?

I'm about 6 weeks out from my next marathon on Oct 12th.  My most recent week I hit a volume of 110.5 km with a 36km - 18km at MP yesterday. This current week I'm scheduled for 65 km ending with an 18km "long run".  A 40% reduction seems a bit aggressive to me.  I'm currently on holiday this week so I'll likely stay close to the plan.  Under normal circumstances it would be hard for me to accept such a cut in mileage.  

Is this a bit steep of a reduction or is this right in line with most plans, percentage wise? Would you add a bit more KMs to get closer to 20 -30% reduction or stick to the plan?

I usually do about 20% less on my scheduled pullback weeks while training. 40% is for taper week

Caloric deficit: getting lean or under-fueling?

To an extent, leanness helps you run faster, longer, more efficiently. A lot of male trained athletes are <15% body fat, with some elite athletes pushing it below 12%, even 10%.

For runners who want to lose some % points, how should they think about fat loss and proper fueling for training and recovery?

It's commonly thought that fat/weight loss is calories in, calories out, meaning you need a deficit to lose it. On the other hand, it's also often emphasized for athletes to get in enough calories to fuel your workouts and recovery; under-fueling can hurt your performance, slow recovery, and make you miss out on progress.

Do people need to focus on one priority (fat loss or training progress) at a time? Will maintenance (or even a small surplus) calories while running at low intensities help progression and body adaptations while burning fat?

Is a small enough deficit harmless to performance/recovery/progress?

Another maybe less realistic alternative is to keep the current body fat, while gaining lean mass. But in this case, i think most people would need to gain a lot more lean mass to get to the same goal % than if they did it by losing fat.

While calories in - calories out is true, I wouldn’t underestimate the quality of those calories that go in and the impact they have on your training. I’ve found that as I hit the highest level of training in a build up I naturally drop a few pounds just trying to keep up with the work load.

One really interesting approach is also the timing of losing weight. Matt Fitzgerald has a great book called Racing Weight and one of the things he talks about the impact you can have about hitting an ideal training weight before you start a build. That way you’re not training at a deficit and able to maximize fueling and recovery without increasing the risk of depletion/injury.

You're unlikely to progress much as an experienced runner during a weight-loss phase. Losing weight does impact your recovery negatively to a varying degree based on how big the deficit is. The usual recommend (that I agree with) is cut weight in your "off-season" when you're not trying to build for any particular goal. Keep a reasonable deficit (200-500cal/day) and try to avoid cheating on it too much (an extra 1000 cals is much easier to eat than to burn additionally).

Some people say "if you're training hard and eating healthy, your body will naturally find the right weight". If that "right weight" is lower than your current weight, you're in a deficit. That's fine as long as you're aware that's what's happening and can adjust if injuries start coming in. 

As for specific food advice, I would try to keep carbs and protein relatively high and make most of the cuts on fat - fat is 9cal/gram as opposed to 4 for carbs and protein, and it's very easy to overeat it. You do need some fats to be healthy, but there's not really a "more will help your performance" aspect like for carbs and protein. 

Off season and its De-Training effects

Realistically, how much does moderate to extended time off de-train a seasoned runner?

I've heard "if you take 2 months (or insert x time here) off, you'll be completely detrained." While there is truth that you'll definitely lose a large chunk of aerobic capacity from any extended period off, you're not gonna restart from square 1. Many take 12 to 16 weeks off for injuries, etc and get back within a reasonable time frame.

If an Elite (say 2:05 marathoner) took a year off from running both otherwise stayed healthy they wouldn't be running over 4 or even 3 hour marathon.


I'd love to get yalls experience and thoughts!

I’m going to paraphrase this & probably butcher it but, Jack Daniels spoke about a study where a group of marathoners who who ran 100 miles a week for a year, stopped running for 80 days & muscle biopsies were taken of them at the end of the period.

They only lost like 5-10% of everything they had gained over the year.

So probably a lot less than what majority of people would think.

Lacking consistent improvement over many years

Hi everyone!

I usually just read posts on this community and r/running but I've been in a conundrum of my own and would like to post a question in the hopes that I can gather some ideas for how to solve my issue.

I'm 29 years old and I've been running for 10 years. I'm not an 'expert' but I've gone through enough training cycles to understand periodization, different types of workouts from short sprints to tempos, and what kind of strategy works best for me in different races. So I've been running for a long time now and am familiar with many training principles.

My PRs are 22.10 in the 5K, 48.20 in 10K, and 1.47.30 in the HM. I've run 10 HMs and countless races of the shorter distances. I also a marathon once but my digestion didn't cooperate and the race was kind of a disaster. I also enjoy short distances a lot more. Anyway - this is just to give y'all an idea of my fitness.

My issue is that my PRs are now from several years ago. I had a lot going on in my life for the last few years (graduate school, then moving countries) so running took a back seat at times. But I've been running consistently now for almost a year - which feels great and I'm happy to be back on track.

However, I feel like I just haven't improved much over this year despite the consistency, and the best I pulled off was a 1.58 HM and a 24.30 5K. I thought that if I ran consistently for a year+, I'd be closer to my PRs.

My big goal this year is to PR in one distance - any distance! So I want to understand better why a year of work resulted in such slow progress for me, and what I can do to accelerate it. FYI I have no nutritional/hormonal deficiencies based on blood work.

Am I just expecting too much? Is it reasonable that progress is so slow? I've been running 25-30 miles a week on average for the year (closer to 20 in the winter because it was dark, cold, and wet where I live almost every single day - and the lack of sun affected my energy a lot). This is also how much I ran when I got my PRs. Am I just whining and need to accept that I have to step up my training?

My typical week of running includes easy runs, a long run on the weekend, and speed (usually one proper workout with repeats or tempo, and one stride workout).

Thank you for your thoughts!

You improve performance by introducing new training stimuli.

I will preface by saying that I am not a coach and I have not studied exercise physiology, but I do have some fast PRs and have trained under coaches who do have a lot of knowledge.

For me, I always started my season by increasing my mileage to a level beyond what I have done historically. This ensures an aerobic adaptation and from what I hear, aerobic conditioning is one of the areas in running that unlocks the most potential. So my first suggestion would be to increase your mileage (25-30 miles is not much especially considering your running history). This has the easy benefit of being quite a simple thing to do.

Following that, ensure you periodise your training. Just slogging more and more miles will not benefit you if it is all you ever do. My uneducated mind would suggest building up to 45-50 miles per week (very slowly mind you), then go through a phase with added hills and threshold running where you progressively add longer and more demanding hill workouts and longer and more demanding tempos (say start with 2 by 8 minutes and work up to 3 by 15 mins or 2 by 20 mins). Then find your baseline 5k time, do intervals at a goal race pace where you progressively add either more time to your intervals or reduce the rest period. Mix in some slower and faster interval days as well (800m, 1500m, 10k paced). Then when you are getting to the peak of your training, do a few weeks of tapering and smash your 5k pb.


Best Carb Load Strategy for a Full:

For people who have ran multiple Marathons trying to PB each time, what are some of your carb loading DOs/DONTs??

This could vary alot depending on the runner, i get that. I'm just really curious.

I've heard people say 8-10g of carbs per KG of weight for the Thu-Sat/ & others that don't do nearly as much. Do you eat more on the Thu&Fri, to try not feel overly bloated on race morning?

\*I'm really interested to see what everyone's thoughts are on this, thanks\*

Do it over multiple days. Don’t eat too late the night before. Leverage liquid carbs to decrease load on digestive system.

Don’t worry about feeling bloated come the race, you’re much better feeling like that than you are feeling very light. It’s a long way to run and even if you’re feeling abit sluggish at the start, it’ll go away once you’ve been running a while, if anything it may even help pace yourself better by not flying out of the traps feeling like you’re bouncing

I've had a lot of success using the featherstone carb calculator: https://www.featherstonenutrition.com/carb-loading/#calculator

When to start carb loading before a race and what actually works?

My marathon is coming up in about three weeksn and I see that carb loading strategies before a marathon seem to vary a lot, especially when it comes to timing and whether to rely on solid food or liquid options. I keep seeing mentions of the best carb loading drink for marathons, which raises the question of whether those actually offer any real advantage over traditional sources like rice or pasta.

From a broader perspective, how do people approach carb intake in the final 24–48 hours before a race? Is there any noticeable difference in performance or gut tolerance between drinking carbs and eating them, or does it mostly come down to convenience and individual preference?

It would be interesting to hear how different approaches have played out in terms of digestion, glycogen loading, and overall race-day feel.

edit: I ended up trying The Feed Lab High-Carb Drink Mix for my final carb-loading block and race-week prep, and I was surprised how useful it was.

I mainly tried it because getting enough carbs from solid food alone in the last 24–48 hours can feel like a chore, especially when appetite drops or you don’t want to feel overly full. The drink made it easier to increase carb intake without forcing down more rice/pasta late in the day.

What stood out most was convenience and digestion. It sat lighter than a huge meal, helped me top off carbs gradually through the day, and I woke up feeling fueled but not heavy.

I still used normal meals, but adding liquid carbs made the whole loading process easier and less stressful. Feels like a strong option if you struggle to eat enough before race day.

I use Meghann Featherstun's carb load approach and calculator - the 3 day version: https://www.featherstonenutrition.com/carb-loading/

I mix eating and drinking carbs but make it mostly low fiber, simple, easy to digest carbs and avoid anything new. In training, I eat lots of bagels, bananas, and pop tarts. I end up dropping the bananas, and limiting the bagels. Pop tarts though - I eat a ton of those in the 24ish hours ahead of a marathon.

I've had some peaks and pits in the marathon, but I think the carb loading part has been good for my needs.

People are constantly listing food items with a lot of fat, for example pop tarts have 10g fats per 100g . That seems like a poor choice for carb-loading.

I always wonder if a lot of people are not aware of the amounts of fat many high carb foods include.


Honestly just eat normally but make sure you aren’t eating low carb (like sandwich rather than salad at lunch, dinner with pasta, potatoes, or rice).  The cut in volume and eating normally should be enough to top up the glycogen stores.  Don’t overthink it.

Does body size and/or fitness level matter when it comes to carb intake?

I am 47 and am on the smaller/lighter side for a man (5'5" and 145-150lbs). I have run many half marathons and shorter races and one full marathon. My PRs at the moment are 3:27 in the marathon (this past May), 1:30:33 in the HM (Aug), 39:25 10k (Apr), and 19:07 5k (Apr). I am currently training to BQ in Feb (targeting 3:08).

I have seen carb recommendations all over the place. Some say 100g an hour, some 30, and a lot in between. Before I was really paying much attention to fueling, I could run 15 miles in about 2 hours without any hydration or fuel and didn't have any issues with recovery or getting through the run. I also ran several half marathons with no fuel and had no issues.

When I ran the marathon, I took 40g per hour and felt fine up until mile 20 or so. I took a GU at that point and had some stomach issues from it which never happened to me during training (I was taking much less in during training because the runs were easier).

So back to the question in the title - do the carb recommendations make sense for 100% of people regardless of gender, size, fitness level, etc? Or are there variations between people that would cause one person to need significantly less than another?

Professional runners/cyclists are at 90-120g/h and a lot of them weigh like 120 pounds.

Being fine up to 20 miles is consistent with bonking due to lack of adequate fueling. Train with more carbs.

Sports dietitian here. The main thing that really matters in the recommendations is how fast you are going relative to your fitness. We burn more carbs at higher intensities, so someone running in zone 4 will need more carbs than someone running in zone 3, etc.

Tolerance is another piece of the puzzle. While you can train your gut to a certain extent to take in more carbs hourly, there doesn’t seem to be a strong correlation between this and body size. I have worked with 100 lb women who can tolerate more carbs than 200 lb men.

ETA: Just because you can run without fuel doesn’t mean this is optimal. And having GI symptoms doesn’t mean your body is designed to eat less - it just means you haven’t trained your gut.

Do you worry about your overall sugar intake as an advanced runner?

If I just add the gels and other fuel together, this makes up for a quite significant sugar intake on a weekly basis. 

Are we somehow able to metabolize it out of the equation due to running itself? Someone in my life is going through chemo right now and cutting down on any form of sugar is basically rule number one. 

I am looking for (ideally) some published research on this topic. Thanks!

ETA: Personally I stick to gels on medium long (12+) and long (15+m) runs. However, the reason why I bring this up, is that I am seeing a movement from female elite/sub-elite runners to fuel up more across the board, and not just for long runs. Part of that is related to how fasted running and fasted exercise in general seems to not click as well for female bodies as it does for male bodies. Hence my concern about sugar intake (since that is mostly whats encouraged). I can't find sources right now but pretty sure I've heard it multiple times on the big running podcasts, when a nutritionist is interviewed.

ETA2: I'm literally saying something simple: running culture right now makes me increase my sugar intake (gels etc). I worry about that, since I don't like consuming a lot of sugar. I don't understand why people are upset by that? Also yes, the person who is currently undergoing chemo, is in fact a runner.

Outside of some long workouts, I don’t see why you’d need to take any gels for a run. The rest of your diet can be more complex carbohydrates as well, doesn’t have to be simple sugars.


This.  You really don't need to be sucking down gels on a weekly basis.  Aside from occasionally testing new flavors, I save those for races.

Cutting out any form of sugar is rule one according to who? Sugar is in fruit etc even are you suggesting fruit is dangerous?

I was/am in REDs from unintentional under fueling so right now I have more sugar than I used to-like I no longer run fasted and since I run in the morning often may just have some coke before I head out for quick carbs. I’m also working on fueling more often for my long runs in my marathon training. I also have white rice etc. I have been seeing a registered dietician who I’ve spoken to about the foods I eat (and she works with the Olympic athletes etc)

Fueling Early Morning Runs

Those of you who train early in the morning (like 5am, etc) how do you fuel if you have an interval workout? 

I basically have no other time to get in a run (2 kids under age 5 and a full-time job).
I’ve been experimenting with liquid-only fueling options along with coffee, and then having normal breakfast afterwards.

I recently have transitioned back to running after 3 years of cycling only.

I could get away with eating a lot of stuff before a ride that I would not even want to look at before a hard run. Running just hits the stomach differently, I think primarily from the jostling, as opposed to riding.

Any seasoned morning-run veterans out there that have advice or a tried and true weekday early morning fueling method?

Cereal bar and a banana if it’s likely to be longer than an hour. Any less and I’ll choose 1 of them, sometimes none. 

I run almost always in the morning, the more you do it the more you get used to it. I actually find that I’m most high energy in the morning - I hate running late afternoon onwards as I’m pretty sluggish. My body is trained to use the toilet between 6-7am, so I’m always prepared on that front (being in a routine helps).

Sometimes I don’t eat prior to a run (but ensure I have a heavy carb dinner and some dessert the night before), but if it’s an important workout I’ll definitely eat something. E.g, have a large banana with PB / slices of bread with Biscoff or jam / handfuls of dried fruit. If you’re struggling with solids, some juice will work as well.

I usually take gels for anything > 105 min / 21km. Huma or High 5 are the easiest for me to get down without gagging as it has more of a natural fruit flavour and good texture. Maurten is most effective for me but I have to swallow it down with water or I’ll throw up (so I save it for key workouts and race day lol).

Anything < 105 min I go fasted.

Think the trick is to find what carbs you can actually stomach and that you like - there is no one food which fits all! Personally I can’t do anything really heavy or with too much fibre before a run, so oats is out of the question.

Amount of desserts/sweets you eat

I entered the sport of distance running during college, and never was part of any formal team throughout my middle and high school years. This weekend I ran with a sibling’s college team, and noticed none of them consume desserts/sweets after meals. Though they’re training for NCAA distances, I was wondering if during marathon training blocks if there really is a noticeable difference not having a dessert here and there, or if it’s more so about the discipline and culture of the team/sport. I’m not looking for an explanation if desserts are  unhealthy, but looking for honest answers out of pure curiosity as I’ve never been around a group of high performing athletes like this before. Thank you and happy running!

For most casual runners, a moderate amount of sweets won’t make a noticeable difference. At the collegiate/elite level, even the minor things can make impacts. Clayton young calls it the “excellence of mundanity.” Essentially the idea that many of the small things, including what you eat, come into play.

But I’ll never get to that level, so I live by a simple rule: I do big run, I eat yummy food.

At one point I cut out all sweets and junk food to help improve performance. It progressed to a full blown eating disorder and I had to go through treatment. Truly miserable.

I run A LOT and eat whatever I want. I still eat mostly healthy, but I have a sweet tooth and have something sugary most days. Maybe it hurts my performance a bit, but I would consider myself overall healthier and happier now.


Fueling after workouts/long runs

Hey everyone. I’ve noticed that after particularly hard efforts, like longer runs and workouts, I lose my appetite and it’s harder for me to refuel with solid foods.

I’ll usually come home and drink some water and/or electrolytes, plus a protein shake, just to get something in me, but I have no desire to eat actual food over the next hour or two. It’s like my stomach is physically rejecting the idea of eating.

What are some strategies people use to overcome this?

Chocolate milk

How to eat less simple carbs as a runner

Workout days (team practice is at 6pm) I'm unable to stomach anything heavier than refined, simpe carbs entire day. I usually an averagely-healthy breakfast (oatmeal, banana, pb) but the entire rest of the day all I can eat is extremely sugary and easily digestible food (sweet bagels, sugary cereal, bread, breakfast bars, bananas, dates); which I'm worried is aggravating some health problems I'm having.  How do I eat healthier without consuming food that will make me feel nauseous during track workouts? Any food suggestions for those with extremely sensitive stomachs?

Agree with most of the other comments about avoiding processed food and training your stomach, but think you are looking for specific food suggestions, foods that are good for the stomach. For me, the best food for that is Greek (not Greek style) live yogurt - it has probiotics that help your gut, and lots of protein, along with carbs. You can combine it with nuts, berries and honey to make it wholesome. Give it a try.

Easily digestible food does not have to be "extremely sugary." And you can train your gut to digest and be okay with almost any food during the day. You just have to slowly transition.

Too broke for Maurten BiCarb.

Im a highschool runner that has taken interest into using BiCarb. Thankfully I got to use it a week ago by a serving provided by my coach. I'm aware it's just baking soda in a carb matrix. Is there an "at home" recipe to replicate it? I've done research and the baking soda is the most important part, which I have a box of. But I assume you can't just drink baking soda in water. 

Edit: Thank you everyone for your feedback of less expensive alternatives and different ways to consume baking soda safely. I will most likely experiment with micro dosing a few days leading up to my race, along with saving up money to get some for the season.

Don’t get caught up in the 1-2% gain stuff. It’s the none sexy stuff like getting to bed at a consistent time, good quality sleep, taking easy days easy, etc etc. Get the training right before you worry about what supplements the pros are taking or what influencer is trying to make money off you.

100% agree, I get 9-10 hours of sleep a night, I am under Blue Collar Endurance for coaching, and eat ridiculously clean for a 17 year old. I am just looking to maximize myself physically now that I have my nutrition and sleep down to a T.


Any experimenting with this will cause GI issues. 

Get a part time job, or leave some bicarb gains for college. 

Hey runners, what if I told you I had this magical elixir that is stupidly expensive for what it is and can only very marginally help you with short efforts but potentially not change your long term adaptation while causing you to poop yourself?

Runners: omg I must have it

Carb sources

I’m running about 40 miles a week right now and usually head out around 5am. 

I’ve been using bagels or bananas for some quick carbs before the run and the Skratch recovery mix after to refuel, but the price tag is getting expensive and I’m getting tired of bagels. Also, sometimes I will have a gel pre run since I’m getting up so early. 

What’s is the best bag for the buck on a pre run carb mix and post run recovery drink? I’m trying to utilize the carbs for in run performance and increased recovery. 

Gels, drink mixes, recovery drinks. What is your normal routine?

Edit: to Clarify - from my research, it seems like there are a lot of benefits to getting in enough carbs to start, during, and 20min after that result in significant performance improvements and improve recovery. Also, I’ve noticed I feel less fatigued and have less small injuries when I properly fuel even for shorter sub 1 hour runs. Which is the main reason I’m trying to get in more carbs

I drink chocolate milk for recovery.

40 miles per week? Most of your runs are under an hour? I personally don’t worry about specifically fueling my easy runs during the week. If I run in the morning, I’ll have a small bowl of cereal. In the afternoon, probably nothing other than my lunch from earlier.

So I mostly get my carbs during normal meals on easy days.

Mid week hard runs, usually Gatorade powder. Long hard weekend runs, skratch super carb mix. It’s expensive, but I normally only use it for the few weeks before a marathon.

Anyone else struggle to hit goal pace in training but still PR on race day?

Did anyone else think, "There's no way I can hold this pace for 10K," and then somehow do it on race day?

I'm curious how common it is for runners to struggle hitting goal pace in training but still run a PR when it matters.

What was your experience? How far off were your training paces compared to what you actually raced?

Looking for some stories (good or bad) as I head into my next 10K.

Yes. I’ve done this in two marathons. First one was when I ran 3:26, that pace felt unsustainable at the time for that long.

Second was when I ran 2:58. That pace felt very unsustainable and daunting but I trusted the taper and the work. At mile 6 or so I realized I was going to run sub 3 just solely off how good I felt.

Basically always... It's why I don't believe in these workout tests which prove if you can do it.

That being said, doing a shorter race beforehand helps me gauge if i fit enough. For example, I did a 37:00 10k and I knew I was gonna go under 3 last year. This year I am aiming for a 2:45 marathon, I hope to do a 1:18 halfmarathon to feel confident.

5k race pace vs. aerobic pace range vs. weekly volume

This may have been done before, but search isn't coming up with much. If you feel like you're running \*appropriate\* aerobic runs (i.e. you're not constantly thinking "whoops I should probably run my aerobic runs slower" or vice versa), what is the difference between your short race pace (5k or similar) and your aerobic pace (a nice medium or long run, not your very slowest recovery pace but a conversational pace)? And does your mileage affect that? i.e. would you expect your aerobic pace to slow down much the more mileage you do, or not significantly?

For me, I did a recent 3k in 10:47 (5:49 mile pace) and a recent 5k in 18:56 (6:06 mile pace). My aerobic runs range between maybe 8:45/mile to 10:00/mile. And I'm currently doing \~45 mpw. (In the past, I have done similar aerobic paces at much higher mileage while doing slightly faster races.) I think compared to the average runner, my aerobic paces are slower than my race paces would suggest, but I'm not actually sure if that's true.

5k: 16:00, 10k 32:55, Mileage: 60-70 MPW

Easy runs: 8:15-8:45 per mile. Anything faster and to be fair it doesn’t feel like truly easy to me so keep it around that. Used to run 7:20-7:50 per mile but felt my body broke down pretty quick even though HR was around the same.

The racing mindset

As you get to more competitive times and are gunning to place for AG (or OA), what are some of the methods you use to get your mind to push through that last 5k when things start to really hurt? Also, how do you deal with not knowing how you’re doing for you AG or gender when you see people in front of you and you just feel slow and thing “better luck next time”.

I like telling myself that if I’m hurting that means I’m doing it right. A race is supposed to hurt near the end, so congratulate yourself on pushing yourself and turn it into a positive. I also find near the end checking my watch is so draining bc it feels like the miles are going by so slow, so definitely try to limit that as much as possible. Another strategy I use is to treat the others around me as if we’re training together and doing a workout. I’m not sure why but sometimes that motivates me more — seeing them as fellow athletes that push me to do better vs. competition. The more you race, the easier the mental stuff becomes, just like anything else in life!

In your own experience, how accurate do you find Strava and Garmin race predictors?

Noticed there always appears to be a significant discrepancy between these 2 race predictors.

In my experience this is how I perceive them: Strava is typically more conservative, eg “I’m confident you can run this pace (if not better)  today”. Garmin seems to provide an optimistic prediction, eg “if the stars align, this is what you could potentially  run”.

Do the rest of you feel the same?

I did an all out 5K the other week and went 45 seconds faster than the Strava prediction. The Garmin prediction  was only 3 seconds off.

Not accurate at all, personally I can beat my Garmin prediction by almost half an hour in marathon.

Garmin seems to reward you for racing you workouts.

What's the single biggest factor that took you from a "good" to a "great" race time?

Was it nailing your nutrition, consistent strength work, better recovery, or something else entirely? Looking for that one key breakthrough that made the biggest difference in your performance.

More miles. Does this come in pill or powder form?

I ran my best half marathon when it was part of a training block for a marathon. I think the fact I wasn’t really overthinking it helped . On the day I felt fresh and just went for it !

Racing Weight

Hi all, new-ish to the sub and looking for advice regarding racing weight. I'm 6' and 185lbs and cant seem to get my weight down any lower? I run around 50-60 mpw average with 1/2 large sessions and a long run of 13-16 miles and have been doing this for around 3 years. I have tried reducing calorie intake but pretty much always get ill and feel terrible if cutting down for more than 3 days at a time, with a huge spike in heart rate. I would like to get to about 165lbs ideally but just cannot seem to lose weight. I used to be pretty fat at 240lbs before i was a runner so I think I am naturally a heavier person.

Anyone got advice as how to achieve weight reduction whilst not feeling terrible? I do a fair bit of fell and mountain running and lugging the extra fat about is not helpful for the climbs!


I also help people lose weight, but it is kinda interesting to talk about this on r/AdvancedRunning.

Weight loss can only be achieved through calorie deficit. Exercise does not cause weight loss, drinking water does not cause weight loss. Only calorie deficit causes weight loss.

Now... *SOME* people, can get in calorie deficit due to a lot of exercise without paying any attention to calories. On a normal day I am not one of them and struggle maintaining my weight. But when I train really hard I really don't feel like eating and I have to remind myself that for the workout to be beneficial I need to follow it with building blocks so that my body has the second ingredient necessary to compensate for the workout.

If you don't lose weight naturally, then you need to control your calories somehow. It does not matter how, but you need to eat less than your body needs to maintain weight.

Some people skip meals, some people count calories, some people go on low carb diets.

I would suggest to try to do it slowly and the faster you are losing weight the more you have to let go of your hard training. Training hard really makes little sense if your body is already busy remodeling itself and struggles to get building block to do basic things.

As a general rule I suggest to people to not be in calorie deficit for at least 48h after a hard workout. Otherwise, it would be better to skip the workout completely.

If you plan to lose any significant amount of weight, I think the best thing to do is do it outside of a training block and simply plan to run all your runs easy. Run the mileage you are used to that is easy for you to maintain, and remove all intensity except maybe occasional strides. Lose weight you want to lose, then get back to your training.

> I have tried reducing calorie intake but pretty much always get ill and feel terrible if cutting down for more than 3 days at a time, with a huge spike in heart rate.

Heart rate is expected to rise when you are in calorie deficit. Feeling ill happens at the beginning because your body is not used to being in deficit. It should pass after couple of days. Feeling ill might also be if you are training hard while in calorie deficit.

Having persistently low glycogen stores is also suppressing your immunity. This is normal and expected. Your body should adjust after some time of being in persistent deficit.

I think the only thing I would add is that you can have a calorie deficit while training, but it can't be a significant calorie deficit like when you're trying to lose weight fast. I seem to end up losing weight near the end of my training cycles while not really trying to. When I tried to have a calorie deficit and do my training, I lost weight but also felt worse and had worse performance. I don't think it's as binary as you can only have one or the other but rather you should not be intentionally ramping up both at the same time.

Convince me that cadence matters.

I'm making this post mainly just for fun, or to give people something to do while they're self-quarantining and mourning over cancelled races. Over the last year or so I've noticed a much bigger focus being put on increasing your running cadence. A "standard" goal to reach seems to be 165 spm, with many people voicing that pros and elite amateurs run at closer to 180 spm.

I've read some things about why increasing your cadence is important (i.e. reducing ground contact time, fixing over striding), but does it really matter as much as many people are trying to make it seem?

And I'm confused as to these rigid "goal" cadence rates. I don't know about anybody else, but my cadence varies vastly depending on what speed I am running at. Z2 paces puts my SPM around 150, tempo runs are closer to 160, and 5k efforts sometimes average closer to 180.

I am also a relatively tall person (6'3), so how much does that account for my natural cadence? It seems obvious that with a longer stride I wouldn't be taking as many steps as someone shorter than me to cover the same distance.

Like I said it doesn't really matter, but let's have a discussion anyway. If you think cadence is really important please tell me why. And if you agree with me please feel free to stroke my ego and tell me that I am right.

It doesn’t.

Cadence is an intermediate outcome, kind of like time of possession in football (fútbol o fútbol americano). The team that has possession of the ball wins most of the time. The more lopsided the time of possession, the higher the odds of winning. BUT that’s not actually how the winners and losers are decided. Scoring points is what wins games, so you’d work on drills to do winning things. No one ever practices to get good at time of possession, it just happens from doing other things.

Back to running, you’d never do a drill to get better at cadence. You’d do sprints, hill sprints, wickets, etc to work in explosiveness and acceleration. Only the bad coach would be tracking cadence as target for a workout. It would NEVER be the primary focus for a workout.

Increasing cadence, is it worth it?

Hi everyone,

I’m a marathoner who runs at a ~7:30/mile pace. It seems that the highest steps per minute I average is ~155. People say to “shoot for 180”, but is that really necessary? My goal is to BQ and I am serious about making necessary changes to reach it, what are your thoughts about increasing steps per minute?

I think it’s a complete waste of time for most people to focus on cadence. If you want to qualify for Boston then you have to put the miles and workouts in. I believe it would be far better to spend your time on this then trying to increase cadence.  Your cadence is a function of your biomechanics and while you might be able to effect some minor change it’s unlikely to result in significant or lasting improvements.  In fact, It may make you inefficient. Faster turnover sure, this will come naturally as you increase speed, chase a metric specifically because pros have reported to have a specific number is voodoo science at best.

If you want to focus on a key metrics - focus on miles per week, miles per month and miles per year. Once you’ve built a significant base, then monitor pace. These will get you further than cadence. If you’ve done this and you are looking for that small difference to bump you from silver to gold, then cadence might be one to chase.  <tongue in cheek>

Changing cadence. Convince me

I've been seeing a Physio for some niggling shin splints/calf issues. Its not a long term thing, it just flared this year. For reference I'm a 3h48 marathoner. So not fast, but experienced. (M Late 40s)

Apart from the rehab and strength and conditioning work. (Calf raises, toe lifts etc) He has also suggested upping my cadence by 10% to 170. I knew I midfoot strike and I dont over-stride, and his slo-mo video confirmed this to me.

I know all the alleged benefits of higher cadence. Less impact, potentially more efficient, allegedly can reduce risk of shin/calf issues.   
  
But I'm finding it painful to do. I'm getting cramps/burning in my calves even at easy pace. Is this normal? Will it get better in time?   
  
But worse is that nagging feeling that whilst I accept I need the extra/improved S&C to stop a repeat of this, is changing the way I've run for the last 15 years (and at least 8 marathons) really a good idea?   
  
Feels like that will just lead to different injuries as my body wont be used to the loading.

Part of me also thinks I should get fit and strong again to run without pain, before experimenting with cadence. One thing at a time!  
  
So I thought I'd post it and ask for others thoughts.  
  
Thanks for reading

Improving my cadence has definitely improved my running. I'm measurably more efficient when I run at the right cadence, and I'm faster overall.

That said, don't try to change it all at once. Change it a few spm at a time. Use a metronome (or better yet, music) to set the rhythm, and then slowly notch it up over a few months.

It's wild to me that I used to run with a cadence in the 150s. If I go much below 170 now, I feel so heavy and slow.

Edit: I'm also in my 40s with a similar marathon pace.

Anyone changed their cadence with intent, results?

Anyone who's changed their cadence with intent, what happened?

I'm a fairly experienced runner, I've always had a really springy gait and a low cadence. People have commented on this so many times, saying it looks effortless, I'm just wondering if this is holding me back though it's never caused me any injuries.

For reference, I'm 175cm tall, male.
Average cadence on easy 10k: 156
Cadence on a recent 9/10 rpe 5k: 165
I stride about 1.8m per step at full speed.

I've hit a bit of a bottleneck with a goal of going deeper under 19 for 5k. My PB is 18:51 And I'm struggling to get lower.

I'm wondering if working on my stride make me more efficient and eek out some gains.

Currently trying to bring my easy runs up to 165spm using garmins metronome for 10 minutes during each easy session.

My question is for anyone who has worked on their cadence, what happened? Did you improve? How did you do it? 

Other stats if they help:
50-60k per week, 2 fast sessions.
Currently in a hot country which makes it harder.

I changed my cadence at the recommendation of my physical therapist who said I was over-striding and it was causing a bunch of the injuries I've had over the years.

She had me run with a metronome (my watch has one built-in) to speed up my cadence by 5 beats on easy runs for a couple of weeks, then 5 more for the next couple of weeks. After about 4 weeks of doing easy runs with the metronome, I didn't need to anymore, the new cadence just came naturally.

Since then, my long-recurring IT band issues never came back. When I went back to the physical therapist 6 months later for a re-check, I was no longer over-striding at any pace.

At higher speeds (say 5:00+/mile), is it better to increase stride length, cadence, or both? What’s your approach to improving these?

I know biomechanics will vary, but in general if your cadence needs to be really high to maintain a pace does that mean you should work on better hip extension and glute/leg power? I know it's a trade off everyone deals with, so I’m curious about everyone’s approach here.

For example, if you are of an average build and your cadence starts to rapidly increase to 200+ when you go under 5:00/mile pace, is that an indicator you need to improve stride length? Most elite runners at fast paces sit around 180–190 with long, efficient strides. So would 200+ indicate compensation for a limited stride length? If the answer is yes here, then what are your recommendations for safely increasing stride length without running into overstriding problems?

I assume you mean sub 5 and not 5+/mile?

Actually, there are so many different styles of running that are succesfull, it is often considered a bad idea to try to aim for a cadence or stride length. In fact, you should train both and pray it improves your natural running technique.

At those speeds, you are looking at people who often do speedwork (e.g. high cadence), hill repeats (e.g. leg power) cross country in the winter or gym work. You need to train your entire core and muscle chain, including glutes, flexors, abductors, adductors, quads, glutes med and max, ...

These numbers are correlated with "perfect technique", but as you get good, you'll realize most people are outliers haha.

But I cannot stress enough you shouldn't be trying to change your stride, overextending likely causes all kinds of issues, and running in an unnateral cadence likewise. Improvements should come as a side effect of other training, not as something you actually aim for.

your overthinking it. if you train at those paces, you will just naturally become better and more efficient at running them. it’s not about increasing your stride length or strengthening certain muscles, it’s just about running fast and often.

People who have consciously tried to increase or decrease cadence — how successful were you and how did it change your runs, if at all?

As I enter my 30s I’m trying to take better care of my knees. I’ve noticed that they seem to feel better when I take shorter strides, but I’ve historically had a pretty low cadence — it’s rare for me to top 160. I’m also quite short, which seems to suggest I’m not really going for runs so much as leaping my way through half marathons. I’m now working on doing less leaping and more of a gentle frolic, but it’s hard to unlearn! If you’ve dealt with this or the opposite problem I’d love to hear how you tackled it and how it affected your training and time.

I’m a 6’1” male and I intentionally increased my cadence to reduce my stride length. I found that this definitely helped my knees, which were taking a lot of impact from my slight over-stride. For me, it helped to visualize landing directly over my foot, with my center of mass directly above my forefoot. I also listened to songs that had a beat similar to the cadence I was aiming for (175 steps per minute).  If you Google songs and running cadence, you’ll get some great recommendations!  Otherwise, try not to overthink it! I was pleasantly surprised how easy it was to increase my cadence, and it just feels natural now.

Running Cadence Variation

Many people say that 180 steps per minute is the optimal running cadence, and there is some scientific evidence that 180 is an average optimal value, but not everyone's optimal cadence. 

Anecdotally, my average times for my regular 4-mile run have improved 6-7% when I run at 178-180 cadence vs. 170. 

Do you guys track your cadences, and how important is it for you? Should I always strive to run at 180bpm, even on recovery runs (just take shorter strides)? 

How do you guys determine what your optimal cadence is?

The debate on cadence is always quite lively here and I am sure you will read all kinds of reasons and argument. For what is worth, I look at cadence as a vague indicator of running efficiency.

I read Daniel's book and when I tried to control my cadence (as a number) I noticed that I get fatigued quickly. I think about during my run and as a consequence I am not relaxed and get tired quickly.

On the other hand, when I stopped thinking about the cadence but I started working on my form, I noticed that my cadence is very close to 180.

During easy runs I used to very subtly lose the form. I would slouch, my shoulders would go forward and I would feel as if I am pounding the pavement harder. My cadence was typically 170 or so. Then I started pushing my hips forward, keep my back upright. This resulted in much relaxed breathing and lowering heart rate. I felt much better overall.

On the other hand, when I was doing speedwork, my typical cadence was 190+, often 200. However, when I started lengthening my stride I felt more relaxed, my breathing was more rhythmical and I was able to finish my workout much better.

Surprise, surprise, in both cases my cadence was about 180.

Let me just mention that running efficiency is very important in my age (50M). So, I spend time thinking about it and trying to improve it. I do it by reading about it, trying, and then keeping the advice that works for me.

So, in short, dont obsess about cadence as a number. Rather, make sure that your form is optimal, that you are relaxed, and that your breathing is rhythmical. The cadence will come naturally.

Can we please get rid of that garbage idea that all runners should aspire to a 180 cadence?

The topic of cadence comes up pretty regularly around here, so I feel like a mini-rant . . . I post the link to [this Alex Hutchinson article](https://www.runnersworld.com/training/a20831485/kenyans-cadence-and-ground-contact-time/) often, but still, it's an easy round number, and people usually want easy things to focus on. 

TL;DR: 1) elite Kenyans in the study had a wide range of cadences, both at recovery and HM paces. 2, from nested article) both cadence and stride length should go up as you speed up, so if that's *not* happening, then you'd want to work on strength and explosiveness exercises.

Sorry, still busy getting rid of 220 minus age.

HR Training and Cardiac Drift

Curious how you runners that use HR training deal with cardiac drift.

Keep your HR at goal while you gradually slow down

 Or

Allow your HR to increase while you keep the same pace.

More of an issue for me with warmer temperatures

Or, start well under your HR target and allow it to creep closer.

Maintaining a pace isn't as critical as people think. Pace can vary a lot by weather and terrain

Maintaining a pace isn't as critical as people think.

I'd argue similarly for keeping your heart rate in an arbitrary, more-often-than-not incorrectly calculated zone.

Makes you wonder how people trained before the advent of heart rate monitors…


As somebody relatively new to structured training for the marathon distance, I wish this episode had come out much earlier! Super informative listen.

Shifting to trail racing for one training cycle

So I threw a few trail races onto my schedule for the fall because why not. But as I'm putting together my plan, I'm bouncing between a few thoughts in planning workouts and would love some input.

For reference, all the races are under 15K and have between 1-2k vert, mostly in single chunks. None are particularly technical. I'm mid-20s M, running between 60-90 MPW. 

My first instinct was to approach training as if I was writing a plan for a hilly 10k course. That way I would maintain aerobic fitness and efficiency by doing my faster work on the flats and additionally stack a few thousand feet of vertical each week on rolling easy runs. 

Then I went for an easy run on a trail with 1500ft of vert in the first 3k. I'm in decent shape but clearly am not adapted to running uphill slowly (or downhill for that long, ouch). And now I'm second guessing my approach. 

I'm looking for suggestions on pushing those uphill adaptations without sacrificing too much road fitness over the course of a 16-20 week cycle.


Every couple weeks do some threshold effort intervals on a decent climb. Logistically takes some creativity.

I've also noticed with taking on a lot of vert even in easy runs that I need a decent amount of flat warm-up to not feel gassed on the climb.

For downhill running it's worth adding some depth jumps and more eccentric focused exercises to your strength routine.

What is the best description of the actual mechanics of (distance) running you have ever read or seen?

Looking for the best written passages, articles, books, and/or videos, animations, infographics, etc. Specifically looking for distance running given sprinting might be different.

"What was the secret, they wanted to know; in a thousand different ways they wanted to know The Secret. And not one of them was prepared, truly prepared to believe that it had not so much to do with chemicals and zippy mental tricks as with that most unprofound and sometimes heart-rending process of removing, molecule by molecule, the very tough rubber that comprised the bottoms of his training shoes. The Trial of Miles; Miles of Trials."

Mostly easy, Occasionally hard, Vary it up, And very seldom, go see God.

•⁠Steve Magness

VO2 vs LT Training Focus Depending on Performance Limiters

Hi all. I've spent the last year transitioning from cycling to running (I was a rather high level cyclist), and have brought a highly developed aerobic system to the sport. As a cyclist, I was a time trial specialist and could churn out power around LT for long periods of time, but always struggled with maximal efforts like sprints, etc.

Not surprisingly, I have found that I am essentially the same athlete as a runner--and have made strides on top of easy running a huge focus of my training, since my heart and lungs can write checks that my biomechanics can't quite cash yet.

I recently had a well regarded running coach look at a race file\* from my first (and only) race, a half-marathon last August, and he noted the "amazing lack of heartrate drift" and that I am an "aerobic monster". He then recommended focusing workouts around velocity at VO2 and Critical velocity (ie. 5x3 min hills, 6-8x2 min at CV), over a "ton of threshold work". He said that in his experience more aerobic athletes tend to respond better to intensity focused above LT, and seem to get slower when lots of intensity is focused on threshold.

His advice makes sense to me, but I wanted to throw it out to the community here, and see if anyone has specific/personal examples of working on something similar to this in their own training. I look at the Norwegian/LT model as one that seems to work really well for athletes that are not speed limited - and have a rather high ceiling under which to build aerobic resilience. However, for athletes like myself that are older and come from other sporting backgrounds, pushing that "Speed Ceiling" higher should be the first priority. Would love to spark some healthy discussion here from the experienced runners on the Sub!

\*Here's the HM file I referenced above: [https://www.strava.com/activities/7676197949/overview](https://www.strava.com/activities/7676197949/overview)

I don't think it needs to, or should, be an either/or situation. In my experience, aerobic specialists will get the biggest benefits with aerobically-oriented training (no surprise there), but for athletes with a higher "training age", aerobically oriented training should include speeds faster than LT (and slower, too, but maybe a story for another day).

For young athletes, "run at LT --> improve LT" is a decent enough heuristic, but once you've gotten the low-hanging fruit from that approach (which you might've already with cycling) you need a more comprehensive training approach that encompasses speeds above and below LT. The increasing popularity of "CV pace" is a good thing in my opinion, because I think it serves as a good way of lifting aerobic fitness from the faster-than-LT side. I suggest doing higher volume and extension than 6-8x2min, though, at least eventually. Here is a progression of CV workouts that would be better:

•⁠6-8x1k at CV, 1.5-2min rec
•⁠4-5x1.5k at CV, 2-3min rec
•⁠2-3 sets of (2k, 1k) at CV with 1.5min between 2k and 1k, and 3-4min between sets
•⁠3-4x2k at CV, 3min rec

You could do one of these workouts every 10-14 days, progressing over time to more volume/extension (down the list).  Volume there would be appropriate for ~50-70 mpw. If you're running 70+ you can push CV-type work to more like 8-10k, vs. 6-8k total. Note that longer extension is desirable as you get more experienced--sessions like 3x3k, or 2 sets of (3k,2k) are excellent as a long-term goal.

If you take CV pace to be ~30min-duration race pace, then CV should be around ~95% of 5k pace for anybody in the sub-18:30ish 5k range.

As for VO2max work, I have found it does not work as well in "aerobic monsters", at least not as a long-term strategy for improving fitness. I think it's a mistake to do too much of it too early in training, but that might be my personal bias creeping in.  I find that athletes who focus a lot on VO2max work improve in the short term, but rapidly plateau.  I prefer a careful, measured amount of it at the right time in a training cycle, versus using it regularly in the workout rotation.

In any case, regardless of agree/disagree on the VO2max aspect, I like Renato Canova's maxim: "Training is not to replace, but to ADD" - instead of cutting out LT and replacing it with VO2 and CV work, think of adding these workouts to your rotation.

How do you adjust for racing with strong winds?

Hi guys. The London Marathon is unfortunately going to be a windy one, with a relatively strong headwind for the majority of the course. 

I have never raced with a headwind. The only thing I can think of doing is running behind the pacer groups. 

Are there any mental or general tips that have worked for you guys?

How do you maintain your pace when the workout gets tough?

Hi everyone!

I’m fine at the start of a tempo or interval session, but once I reach that uh oh point, my pace drifts regardless of how hard I try. Legs feel fine, but something in my mind just backs off. How do you train that mental aspect of staying focused? Is it just more threshold work, or are there drills or cues that helped you maintain form and pace under stress?

There are two possibilities.

1.⁠The workout is hard but not too hard. I just remind myself that it hurts but it is supposed to and that I can do it, I did it many times in the past. I remind myself that I should be able to do it a bit faster or a bit longer.
2.⁠The workout actually is too hard and then I just adjust or stop.

The trouble is knowing which one it is;-)

If you do enough of hard workouts you should know how any of them should feel and be prepared for it. And be able to judge when it is getting too hard for whatever reason.

> my pace drifts regardless of how hard I try. 

If you truly genuinely can't force your legs to move faster then it probably is too hard. You are not supposed to be giving it all in training. Just merely very close to giving it all.

Insomnia during or post hard training weeks

Just wondering have any of you experienced chronic insomnia during a hard training week or after one? I’m currently in week 7 of an 8 week training block, been lots of intervals, tempo runs, longer runs as well as playing football twice a week and training. 

Only problem is this entire week I’m surviving on two hours sleep, I semi drift off at midnight for a groggy 2/3 hours then I’m awake from 3am till alarm. Usually when I get insomnia it’s down to stress or anxiety however I’m not feeling that way at the moment and I’m not getting the usual racing heart associated with that type of insomnia. Have any of you experienced this and how long did it take to go back to normal if so?

It’s reached a point where I can barely function or plan anything this week so I’m desperate for some sleep. Wonder if I’ve overtrained 🤷🏼‍♂️

Absolutely a common sign of overtraining

What does the 80 portion of your 80/20 running look like?

Other than keeping things "easy", I'm curious what people are doing during these runs. It seems to be a neglected topic and sometimes it's a bit more nuanced than just running in Z2, going slower, etc.

48M, currently running 70 mpw, in week 1 of marathon training after three months of base building.

I like to mix my easy runs up a little. A couple times a week and incorporate a variety of different paces/efforts without tipping the scales too much in one direction. That means spending a fair amount of time running in the boogeyman grey zone and a little bit at LT as well. 

I recently switched to running seven days a week with a 30-45 min recovery run replacing what used to be my day off. Six weeks later I've become a lot better at managing my efforts, not just during the easy runs but the workouts as well.

I used to blast my way through workouts,  barely able to finish, and sometimes not finishing them at all. Now I tell myself to not go too hard so that the next day's easy run can actually feel easy. It's my own "one simple trick" that I'm finding really helps get me through the grind of running, especially now in the dead of a Canadian winter.

Wait, so you're going easier on your workouts in order to have the energy to do "grey zone and a little bit at LT" on your easy days?

So the opposite of polarization?

I think people can be a bit dogmatic about training distribution. There are a few problems with this:

1.⁠Seiler’s work (that was popularized for mass consumption as 80/20) was purely descriptive, observing the training distributions of elite athletes. He didn’t do a trial to compare this approach to another one (pyramidal, threshold, etc.) to determine that it was actually better.
2.⁠Intensity distribution was classified on a per-session basis and not as %time or %miles as commonly assumed—if the majority of a run was easy, it was an easy run even if a short tempo or fartlek was thrown in. An athlete could run some pretty hard “easy” runs under this classification scheme and conversely more than 20% majority-hard sessions would be absolutely brutal and probably destructive.
3.⁠When we do calculate distributions based on miles or time, most elites wind up with pyramidal (something like 70% easy/20% moderate/5% hard) distributions rather than polarized ones. The important point here is that elites spend plenty of time at moderate efforts (I.e., the dreaded grey area.)
4.⁠Extrapolating from elites to non-elites can be a mistake. Elites run a large percentage of miles easy because they a doing high volumes and because their hard sessions are very hard indeed and demand recovery.
5.⁠The Norwegian approach has shown us that scaling up threshold efforts preferentially over time time on a background of high mileage can be sustainable and successful at the elite level. The most awesome milers in the world right now are doing a disproportionate amount of training in the “grey area.”

tl;dr: The core message of 80/20 that most mileage should be easy is indisputably right, but you can sprinkle in a fair amount of moderate running and a pyramidal training distribution is probably a more realistic model in any case.

80/20 running and Threshold HR

27,F. Been running for 9 years. I committed to 80/20 running about 1.5-2years ago. My aerobic capacity and my HR has improved a ton. I used to just go out and do runs in 170s-180s at 8-9min pace. When I started 80/20 my HR would still get up to 170 even going at a 12min pace. Now I’m able to sustain 150s in the upper 9min range and  130s during recovery runs at 11min+. 

Though I’m SUPER happy with my HR progress on easier runs (felt impossible when I started that I’d ever sustain 120s/130s while running), sometimes I feel like my ability to sustain those higher heart rates has either gone down or I just feel like it’s harder since I do most running at much lower HR (not sure if this is mental or physical)

For example, I have noticed my avg HR during marathons has gone down. Last year I ran a marathon (3:59) with avg HR 175 and my avg HR in the last 6 miles was in the 180s (negative split). Admittedly most of this race was painful. this past Saturday I ran Berlin, PRed by 11min (3:48), felt mostly great. Avg hr was 170, didn’t actually get to 170s till after the halfway point, no miles were done in 180 range except the final mile.

Question: is the goal for my HR to be lower at faster paces OR is this maybe an indication that my threshold HR is decreasing and I can no longer sustain higher HRs that I used to be able to sustain? Does anyone feel like their ability to sustain higher hr has gone down after implementing 80/20?

So part of what happens when you increase cardio fitness is that your heart size is actually increasing so you get a larger stroke volume.   You end up pumping more volume with less work but a consequence is that it takes slightly longer for your heart chambers to fill up and empty and your actual heart rate does decrease slightly even for maximal efforts so many people find that their metrics decrease for all of their biomarkers such as HR max, LT1 etc.  To some extent these can go back up when detraining such as during tapering.


Does the 80/20 rule pertain to distance or duration?

Let's say I run 50 mpw @ 7 hours duration. Should 10 of those miles be intense (tempo, LT, interval, race pace etc)? Or should my intense running sum up to \~ 1.4 hours? Also, does the 20% include the rest in between hard sessions as well as warmup/cooldown?

It's not duration. You can hear it from Stephen Seiler himself between 1:02:45 and 1:06:10 in this podcast.

Categorize each workout according to it's primary purpose: type 1) low intensity type 2) includes tempo/threshold work (between LT1 and LT2) type 3) includes high intensity intervals

80% of the number of workouts should be type 1 sessions and 20% should be type 2 or 3 sessions.

How does lactate work when running / marathons?

I’ve read about LT and how it’s the pace you can basically keep for about 1 hour of running and that Marathon Pace is slightly below LT at least in the first half.

I was curious whatever HR you have that starts generating lactate, is it an all or nothing thing or is it a steady state? Like what happens specifically if you hit your lactate producing levels and then back off? Are you screwed and it’ll impact the rest of your marathon? 

Ie Let’s say your LT level is 167 bpm and you are running at 160 and then for thirty seconds due to the excitement of the race or whatever your HR spikes to 170, what does that do to your body especially if you back off pacing to low 160s again shortly after?

There are two main measures for lactate unhelpful people will use the same terms when referring to to one or the other, so I will refer to them as threshold 1 and threshold 2.

Threshold 1 is when you start producing lactate.  (AKA lactate threshold, aerobic threshold,)  in a 5-6zone model this is upper zone 2.  You train towards the top of this to develop it.  Lots of runners have been confused by polarized training or MAF and run too slow, so delay development here.

The 2nd threshold (aka lactate threshold, lactate Turnpoint, anaerobic threshold) is when you start production more lactate than you can clear.  There is no longer a linear curve on pace to blood lactate, it takes more of a J-curve.  In the 5-6 zone model, this would be the start of zone 4.

Elite runners will be very close to the 2nd threshold for the whole marathon.  They will ha e a narrow pace band between vo2max, 2nd threshold, and first threshold.  A lot of confusion comes from this when people them try to translate elite training paces to non-elite where the pace spread is much larger and pace / effort math doesn't quite convert.

The higher you can move your aerobic base and threshold, the better you will perform at Marathon because you are shifting right that J curve and the fatigue.

In your zone 1 you can go forever.  Zone 2 hours and hours but less so as you accumulate lactate and fatigue.  It you start fast, you are starting the lactate accumulation early and you most likely wont be able to pay that back, so will not run to your potential later in the race.


Why is it important to "clear" lactate when it can be used as a fuel?

I've been reading a lot about lactate and zone 2 training and one thing I'm confused about is why it's important to keep the lactate number low. If it's used as a fuel don't we want more of it? I've also read that lactate acts as a base/buffer to the hydrogen ions. Again, isn't this a good thing as it keeps our blood acidity low?

If it's being used by the cells as fuel, then your lactate reading will be low. So "clearing" basically includes the use of lactate as a fuel as well as other metabolic processes. It's the acidity that becomes a problem, if you can't clear it constantly. The acidity increases and muscle function is negatively impacted as a result.


What does being at lactate threshold ’FEEL’ like?

Ignoring heart rate, lactate measurements, etc., and all you had to go on was feel, how would you run at threshold? 

Is it possible to judge it based on breathing rate, leg power, or would these all be too late?

It's a slow burning candle.

Fast but surprisingly easy for the first ~15 minutes, then feels like work but not that hard, and the final 10 minutes or so require a lot of focus to maintain the pace.

If you feel like dying 10 or 20 minutes in, you are running above the threshold.

Lactate Threshold for Ultras

I previously used my heart rate zones based on the modified age formula and then did more research on lactate thresholds, which changed my zone 2 max from 140 bpm to 147 bpm.  I'm testing this out currently, but also wondering how this translates into ultra racing.

I've done over a dozen marathons in the past as well as my first 50 miler last year, but have always trained at a pace that I wanted to go at vs. listening to my body (heart rate).  Training like this is something new I started last summer.  I have a 50 miler in June and a 100 miler in October coming up and wanted to understand how I could utilize this in the race and have the below questions:

1. Should I shoot for a certain time or mileage where I run at zone 2 in the race and then go off perceived effort or should I just run the entire race off perceived effort?
2. Should zone 3 play into the race at all?
3. Should I try to run, especially the 100 miler, at a lower heart rate (in zone 2?) for longer which equates to a slower pace or should I focus on just staying within zone 2 as long as possible?  Or neither?

Appreciate all the advice!

In an ultra you are going to hit massive HR drift issues because of the wild swings in temperature and body fluid balance. Even if you were running the correct HR at the start of the race, the heart rate-to-physiological-intensity relationship is going to change quite a lot throughout the race. To me, that makes HR-based ultra pacing seem questionable.


Discussion on Tempo Runs Below Lactate Threshold Pace/Uptempo Runs and the "Gray Area"

There is a lot of debate about the "gray area" between roughly marathon pace and lactate threshold pace (one hour race pace). Physiologist including legendary coach Daniels argue running in the "gray area" provides little extra benefit to running at an easy pace right below marathon pace and makes it harder to recover. In addition, Seiler's research on polarized training suggest elite endurance athletes spend little time in the "gray zone." 

However, several well know coaches use uptempo runs, which fall between marathon pace and lactate threshold pace, For example, Canova's and Brad Hudson's programs revolves around marathon pace for marathoners. In addition, Greg McMillian believes steady state runs at around 1:15-2:30 race pace coupled with traditional tempo runs and slightly faster cruise intervals around 10k pace improve lactate threshold more than just doing traditional tempo runs at lactate threshold. Furthermore, Tinman likes 30-40 minute tempos at roughly half marathon pace and 40-60 minute tempos at roughly marathon pace. Tinman argued on a runzone forum that these longer runs provide a stronger stimulation to slow twitch fibers; lactate threshold tempos work more intermediate muscle fibers as opposed to slow twitch fibers. In addition, Tinman suggested these tempo paces are excellent at improving your ability to burn fat. Although slower paces focus more on using fat as fuel, you use fat at a faster rate since you are going faster. 

Please share your thoughts. Do you think uptempo runs have a place during the base phase like McMillian and Tinman suggest? Do you think marathon and HM pace runs improve your ability to run at a specific pace like Canova and Hudson suggest? Do you think "slow-twitch type" runners could benefit from uptempo runs?


Adopting Canova's philosophy was a major breakthrough for my own training, and has been incredibly helpful for the runners I have worked with, from high schoolers up to very experienced marathoners.

From a Canova perspective, it makes no sense to leave a gaping hole in the range of paces you run. All paces exist on a continuum, with adjacent paces supporting each other. Since the most important speeds are the ones specific to your race, you must

It helps to clarify things by looking at a specific example (allow me to round my numbers a bit for convenience). Let's suppose you are a 10k runner who is currently in 37:20 10k shape (10k pace = 6:00/mi) and you want to train for the marathon. With "pure" Daniels-style training, you would focus on VO2max intervals at ~5:40/mi, lactate threshold intervals/runs at 6:15/mi, and later on in training M pace runs at 6:35/mi, all separated by easy runs at 7:30-8:15/mi.

Notice there are two big gaps in this program: 5:45-6:05/mi, and  6:35-7:30/mi.  Now, let's look at the same runner from a Canova-style perspective. Here are the speeds you would run during the final 16 weeks of marathon training supposing your goal was 2:52 (=6:35/mi, what Daniels predicts and also roughly what I would estimate a well-trained 37:20 10k runner could aim for):

•⁠Special speed: 110% MP = 5:55/mi - likely done in long track intervals (this is ~10k pace, aka tinman's CV, also corresponds roughly to Canova's 'aerobic power' for 5k/10k runners)
•⁠Specific speed: 105% MP = 6:14/mi - Done in long intervals with fast recovery (e.g. 10 sets of 1k/1k, with recovery at ~85% MP)
•⁠Specific race pace: 100% MP = 6:35/mi - Typically done in long intervals with fast recovery (e.g. 5x4k/1k with recovery at ~90% MP), less often in a continuous run
•⁠Specific endurance: 95% of MP = 6:54/mi - Done in long, fast, continuous runs in final two months of training, up to 18-20 miles or a bit further for highly experienced athletes
•⁠Special endurance: 90% of MP = 7:13/mi - Done in long, fast, continuous runs from 8-16 weeks out from the race, up to 20-22mi or a bit further for highly experienced athletes

Of course all of these sessions are separated by adequate recovery, at easy paces below 80-85% MP (7:30 or slower; speed on these does not matter much from Canova perspective)

Very occasionally you might include some workouts with "high speed running" (115% MP = 5:35/mi, roughly equal to VO2max pace / 5k pace). Notice how there's much more coverage of the speeds both fractionally faster and fractionally slower than race pace.  I have found this style of training to be much more effective at producing good performances, especially in the 10k-marathon distance. Notably, though, this same general philosophy of specific and special speeds/endurances produces great results at everything from 800m to the marathon (with some event specific adjustments of course).

For 5k/10k training, there is a much closer correspondence to the paces that Daniels-style training would use and Canova-style training would use. There is also a nice correspondence between the speeds that many coaches independently re-discover as being very useful (one person's "critical velocity" is another person's "aerobic power"). I can elaborate on the similarities and differences for 5k/10k training if desired, just leave a comment.

Lactate Threshold running in the heat

Question:  Is the benefit of lactate threshold running obtained simply by maintaining a heart rate, or is there a speed component to it also?  


So we're obviously in the middle of summer and its hot and humid.  I just completed the 4th threshold run of my current plan and it was disgusting.  Which got me wondering, as I plod along at slow speeds and high heart rates - am I doing myself any good?  I maintained my LT heart rate for the first 22 minute segment at around 8:20-30, then the second 18 minute segment closer to 9 since some of it was uphill.  I even walked a little bit when my heart rate got super duper out of control and could maintain my LT heart rate by walking briskly up hill.  

Typical LT pace is 7:15-ish by this stage of training.

So am I actually going to get faster by doing this?  I know there are alot of gains to be made from running slow but shouldn't the fast running be fast?  Anyone able to elaborate on the science behind it?

First, Regardless of all the below, running is better than not running. So if you don't feel like reading all the bullshit below, that's cool. Just run.

1.⁠You are going to get faster by running hard in the heat. Running in the heat builds not only physiological gains (see item 7), but also psychological gains. This is cliche as fuck, but running in the heat builds character. Character is good to have come race day. Is this scientific? no, not at all.  Is it Helpful? Tremendously.ABCs baby Always. Build. Character.
2.⁠You will be slower in the heat, and that's fine. Embrace the suck, become one with the suck, be molded by the suck.
3.⁠Do your strides, ab work and running drills. Think of your body like a car. The running builds the engine, transmission and the very important AC unit. This stuff builds the suspension, chassis, tire and gives you heated seats.
4.⁠Nutrition and hydration are doubly important during this heat. I went for a 2 hour long run in the heat on Sunday, drank 64 ounces of water before the run, 48 ozs of fluid during, 24 ozs of protein shake, 48 ozs of fluid and 36 ozs of miller lite and still didn't piss till like 5 hours after. Hydrate to Dominate, Dominate to hydrate.
5.⁠Another note about hydration, you can't build character if you are dead. Don't go running without a way to get hydration in an emergency.
6.⁠Four weeks ago I did a tempo run in the heat and was barely holding on to 7:00 mile paces. Yesterday, I ran after a storm cooled everything off and went 7:05, 6:55, 6:21. First Mile had a significant uphill and 2nd mile had some significant switch backs. I felt fucking great, you know why I felt fucking great, because it was 20 degrees cooler and I have been training in the heat.
7.⁠Since you asked for some science:https://www.outsideonline.com/2098556/surprising-benefits-training-heat#:~:text=Studies%20have%20found%20that%2C%20in,and%2C%20counterintuitively%2C%20make%20a%20person."Studies have found that, in addition to an increased rate of perspiration, training in the heat can increase an athlete’s blood plasma volume (which leads to better cardiovascular fitness), reduce overall core temperature, reduce blood lactate, increase skeletal muscle force, and, counter-intuitively, make a person train better in cold temperatures" So yes, you are still getting some mad gains.
8.⁠Seriously, just go run. Check your ego at the door, on your hard days go outside and DO WORK, build that character and come fall you going to be kicking ass and taking names.

Much love.

Do "race day nerves" impact your lactate threshold?

On race days, it seems that most runners can expect their average heart rate at their goal pace to be higher than what they typically see during training. Recently, I ran a HM with the goal time of 1:28. I had every reason to believe this was possible during my training runs.

During the race, I noticed immediately that my early paces were well above my normal HR ranges. I was already at 92% of my max HR before I even worked up to my goal pace. I figured this would happen and while I felt the nerves/stress, I didn't think the pace was tough so I pressed on.

But then, around mile 7, I felt pretty clearly my legs getting heavy and it seemed like a telltale sign of lactate buildup. I had to slow down from goal pace. Again, these were paces that i've been able to run in training for 10+ miles consistently without really feeling like this.

Is this a real effect? Do nerves impact HR which impacts LT?

If so, I've read numerous posts on this sub about race day heart rate, and a common line I see is something like, "Don't worry about your elevated HR; manage the race to effort."

But, if your elevated HR impacts LT than it seems like it is worth being worried about? Also wondering if there is a better strategy to take in the early part of the race when you notice your HR is really elevated.

Usually people are able to outperform their “training fitness” in a race, with exceptions for heat and hills. Back in college we had a sports psychologist meet with us one day. They talked about how there is a balance between being overstimulated and understimulated on race day. Jitters mean adrenaline, which is a great thing for performance! But too many nerves and your central nervous system goes haywire and leads to poor performance.

How to figure out what the limiting factor is?

How do you determine what part of your fitness is letting you down in a race like a 5k? How do you know if it is your lactate threshold, VO2 max or endurance? Since when you are racing it all just feels/identifies itself as burning and slowing down as a result (particularly the slowing down if paced incorrectly). Knowing this would help gear training towards what component in fitness is lacking. Thanks!

You can use your times at other distances to help identify your weaknesses.

e.g. if your 5km pace is roughly the same as your 10km pace, you may want to focus on hard vo2 max workouts and faster pace intervals, 400s, 200s and lots of hills.

Or if your 5km pace is significantly faster than your 10km pace, you may want to focus on longer intervals at threshold pace and increasing your aerobic endurance by running more miles.

Weekly 5K Race vs Weekly 20 min LT Workout

I've felt surprisingly good after my last few Parkruns, in terms of recovery.   


I'm considering adding the Parkrun as a substitute for a weekly 20 min Lactate Threshold workout. I'd like to hear the community's thoughts on this practice in general.

There seems to be some controversy as to whether too much racing or too much high intensity can be directly detrimental to one's aerobic development, or not. However, there seems to be consensus for Daniels-style or similar 20 min LT efforts as an effective weekly workout.   


Obvious Cons:  
\- Injury risk  
\- Recovery risk / Opportunity cost / possibly lowered weekly mileage  
\- Potential negative differences in training stimulus vs 20 min LT session  


Potential Benefits  
\- Higher effort (vs 20min LT effort) could lead to a greater training stimulus  
\- Race experience: pacing, developing max effort feel, lactate "tolerance"  
\- Easy to monitor progress assuming weekly training stays consistent

Caveats  
\- Extensive warm-up and cool-down  
\- Maintaining weekly mileage and approx 80-20 ratio of easy:hard mileage  
\- Focus on negative splits  
\- Slightly holding back on an **all out** kick during the final 200m of the race to prevent post race-exhaustion, but otherwise a race effort  


About me: male, 30's, recently increased to \~75-80km/week from a long base of \~50km, 17:45 5k and looking to PB 10k this spring.

10k is a very threshold paced distance. I don't think racing a 5k every week hits the system you'd want to hit for a good 10k. You'd be better served starting with a 20 minute tempo run and gradually working up to a 30-35 minute tempo run.

Matt Fitzgerald with a great summary on how to measure training

Matt Fitzgerald is the author and founder of 80/20 endurance. He talks about all the usual suspects but also includes paragraphs on blood lactate and ventilation which I thought was interesting.

"Arguably the truest indicator of exercise intensity is total ventilation, or how much air is being taken in by the athlete. A product of breathing rate (measured in breaths per minute) and tidal volume (a measure of how much air is being taken in with each inhalation), total ventilation (VE) is closely correlated with both cardiorespiratory and metabolic load as well as perceived exertion (RPE), which is significant because it is the latter that ultimately limits endurance performance."

[Here is the article.](https://stories.strava.com/articles/whats-the-best-way-to-measure-your-run-intensity)  


&#x200B;

VO2 Max Test + Body Fat Reduction = 5K Breakthrough? Struggling to Believe the Maths

Hi all,

Out of curiosity, and partly because I feel like I’ve plateaued a bit, I went and did a full sports physiology assessment. Proper treadmill VO2 max test, resting HR, body comp, lactate, the whole thing, plus a follow up chat with the physiologist.

For context, I ran a 5K PB last week of 17:15. I’m 6’3, 82kg, and have been running about six years. In 2024 I was around 17:39 and over the last couple of years I’ve chipped it down to 17:15. I’m happy with that, but the big jumps are long gone and now it’s just seconds here and there.

The bit that surprised me most was body composition. I’m 21.2% body fat, which works out at about 17.4kg of fat mass. I carry it fairly well because I’m tall, so I don’t look overweight, but it’s clearly there.

The physiologist suggested that over the next six months I could realistically halve my fat mass and drop 8–9kg, which would put me around 73kg and roughly 10% body fat. He said that assuming similar fitness, just losing that weight alone could theoretically take my 5K into the mid-15s.

I’m really struggling to get my head around that. I understand lighter usually means better running economy, but 17:15 to 15-something feels like a massive jump.

Has anyone here leaned out significantly after already being reasonably trained and actually seen that kind of performance shift? Did your relative VO2 max meaningfully improve just from dropping fat mass? And did it translate cleanly to race times, or was it more marginal than predicted?

Your body mass of 82.0 kg is composed of:

Fat Mass:

17.4 kg

and Fat Free Mass:

64.6 kg (muscle, bone, body water)

Your target body fat is 10%

Target Body Mass: 72.8KG

Time to achieve weight loss:

23.0

weeks

(given your focus)

This is a change of 9.2 kg\*

Comments:

overall you are in good condition, however, there are a couple of minor things to flag

Whilst body fat is good (visceral fat - the dangerous one - is excellent), it is higher than ideal for racing!. It would be great to see this lower over the coming season.

EDIT:

Thanks everyone for the replies, really appreciate it. A few similar points came up so just wanted to clarify a couple of things.

The physiologist has 25 years’ experience and works with Team GB athletes. Although the report suggests a six month timeline, he was very clear in person that he wouldn’t go more than about a 300 calorie daily deficit. The emphasis was slow, steady weight loss to minimise muscle loss and make sure the majority comes from fat.

Second, my mileage isn’t high. I’ve never gone over 40 miles per week. I have two kids under 3 and increasing mileage isn’t an option atm. I’m usually around 30–35 miles with two quality sessions and a couple of easy runs. So it’s not like I’m trying to cut weight while doing huge volume or intensity.

On body fat.. before the scan he visually estimated 20–23%, which is also roughly what calipers suggested. I know none of it is 100% accurate, but that seems a fair ballpark so I’m going with that. He did bluntly say I’ve got basically zero definition anywhere, which was humbling.

My VO2Max was 65, but my times suggested a VO2Max of 60, which suggests I should be running much faster at my current weight anyway. From the assessment, he basically said my aerobic base was shit lol. I’m guessing that’s from low-ish volume compared to the runners he normally sees.

Plan is to stick with it properly and I’ll update in three months after my follow up. Conveniently I’ve got a 5K on the same course two days before that appointment. I ran 17:15 there last week so it should be a good benchmark to see whether the weight loss has actually translated into performance.

Will report back either way.

First thought that popped into my head was that body fat is notoriously hard to measure accurately. How did you end up getting yours?  Then, losing purely fat while losing weight is quite tricky too.

In regard to the running improvement, a widely used rule of thumb is that 1 kg loss of fat mass results into 4 seconds per mile improvement. Losing 9kg would result into a 5k time of ±15:30, which would explain what was told to you. I personally find that hard to believe, and think that would work for runners that haven't yet set a strong time. Maybe other people have more in depth answers that are of more help.

Just want to shine some light on this stupid 4 seconds per mile number. It comes from a study from the 70s that had folks run a 12 min time trial on the treadmill and then put weight vests of varying sizes on them to repeat the time trial. 4s per kg was the average effect across the whole study. Losing body weight doesn’t work this way lol.

As a sports RD IMO trying to lose that much weight over 6 months esp when you are already lean will have the opposite effect and you will likely get slower due to loss of muscle mass and inadequate energy to recover between workouts, nevermind the energy risk.

In my experience a lot of exercise physiologists are very by the book and don’t have the “real life” knowledge or experience by nature of the fact that most of their job involves staying in the lab.

Why people think heart rate is not a reliable metrics for effort?

A lot of people including some coaches don't prefer to use heart rate as a training metrics for effort, rather, prefer using RPE instead, citing data instability and measurement errors as reasons. Putting measurement error aside (which is solvable using a proper device), the most common sources affecting heart rate reading that are not "effort" are:

1. temperature and humidity;
2. nutrition and hydration;
3. sleep and fatigue;
4. stress and overall health;
5. excitement and anxiety.

There could be more but I Iisted the most common ones. I want to argue, however, that all these factors (maybe except #5) are all stress to the body, thus all contributing to the RPE. And heart rate is accurately measuring the total stress level, hence a pretty darn good measurement of effort/stress level to me.

Take #1, temperature and humidity, for example. It's well known that at higher temp/humidity, our heart rate is higher at the same pace compared to at lower temperature/humidity. Does it mean the effort is higher running the same pace at higher temperature? Yes! This is because the heart has to pump more blood to the skin to cool down the body, hence less oxygen to the muscle at the same heart rate at higher temperature/humidity. Metabolically the muscle is getting less oxygen for the same mechanical work load, effectively turning it less aerobic.

Similarly for poor nutrition/hydration/sleep, the body has accumulated stress for the three reasons mentioned, thus has to work harder to keep the same mechanical output. 

So overall I found heart rate capture the overall stress level very well and it is consistent with my RPE. There are literatures showing heart rate has a close relationship with Lactate as well. So while we all accept using RPE as an effort gauge (which is in fact quite subjective and hard to track), I don't get why people hesitate to use heart rate to track the same thing only more objectively.

The biggest reason that people don’t like HR is that their cardio fitness sucks and they don’t want to be told to slow down.

Overview of 5k Sharpening Approaches

Sharpening for a 5k race is a crucial phase of training that focuses on fine-tuning speed endurance, maximizing VO2 max, and improving lactate tolerance. The 5k distance sits at the intersection of aerobic and anaerobic systems, so achieving the right balance between the two is essential. In the final 4 weeks leading up to a race, the goal is to increase race-specific fitness and efficiency, without accumulating too much fatigue.

There are generally two key approaches for sharpening 5k race performance that I read among coaches:

1. **High-intensity, race-specific intervals**: This approach, popularized by coaches like Renato Canova, focuses on pushing athletes with high-intensity workouts that target speeds at or slightly above 5k pace. The idea is to compress effort into a few very intense sessions, forcing the body to adapt to the demands of racing. Examples include:
   * Short, intense intervals (e.g., 400-600m) at 105% of 5k pace.
   * Longer intervals (e.g., 4x2000m) at close to 5k pace.
   * Sustained runs (e.g., 6k at 10k pace) to build both endurance and race-day resilience.
2. **VO2 max-based, cumulative interval training**: Another method focuses on accumulating around 15 minutes of total time at VO2 max intensity (around 5k pace). This method breaks the effort into manageable intervals that spread the load more evenly. Examples include:
   * 4-6x3 minutes at 5k pace with 3 minutes of recovery.
   * 7-8x2 minutes at 5k pace with 2 minutes of jog recovery.
   * 15-16x1 minute at 5k pace with equal recovery.

Both methods aim to maximize VO2 max while targeting race-specific adaptations. However, they differ in the way the workload is distributed—Canova’s approach tends to be more taxing on the body in fewer sessions, while the VO2 max approach spreads the intensity over a larger number of intervals with a more consistent recovery pattern.

I’ve been training with high mileage and have incorporated longer intervals (e.g., 5x1.5km at 10k pace), but I haven’t specifically trained at my 5k pace (\~10 seconds faster than 10k pace) in quite a while. As a result, I feel I haven’t tapped into my true VO2 max potential or elevated my heart rate enough to match the demands of a 5k race. My personal best for 5k is 17:55, so 15 minutes of work at 5k pace represents about 80% of my race time. I'm 35 years old, have been running seriously for 3 years, and currently average about 120km per week in training.

I’m trying to decide between these two approaches to sharpen for my upcoming 5k:

* Should I adopt the Canova-style method, with a focus on harder, shorter, race-specific intervals to force adaptations quickly?
* Or should I take the more moderate VO2 max approach, accumulating around 15 minutes of work at 5k pace over multiple intervals with more recovery?

Which method is likely to yield better results in terms of improving my 5k performance in this 4-week period?

I’m open to hearing thoughts on these approaches and any other suggestions for the most effective sharpening strategy.

The 5x1km at goal pace is such a great workout.

Physiological Resistance and Depletion Runs

I was reading an article on runningwritings.com, titled ["Physiological resilience: A key component of marathon and ultramarathon performance"](https://runningwritings.com/2024/08/physiological-resilience-for-runners.html), which I thought was interesting and lead me to a question I've had in the past.

The point of the article is that there are generally three accepted physiological components that make up "running performance", namely VO2 Max, Max Metabolic Steady State (roughly, lactate threshold), and running economy.

The author talks about a fourth, "resilience", which in his words is 
>a newly-proposed “fourth dimension” for endurance performance that represents how well you can resist deterioration in the other three components of fitness over the course of a long race like a marathon or ultramarathon.

[He cites a study that came out last year](https://physoc.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/pdfdirect/10.1113/JP284205), which is an interesting read 

Overall, this concept makes some sense, although there is a lot of work that needs to be done to formalize it, to determine if it is actually its own "thing", or if it can be rolled into the other categories, etc.

My question relates to some of the authors proposals for improving your resistance (which he fully admits is speculative and not based on research:

>Given that the first authoritative review arguing that resilience is a distinct aspect of fitness was published less than a year ago, it almost goes without saying that there’s very little experimental work on how to improve resilience: we necessarily have to get out into more speculative territory.


One of the proposed strategies is what he calls "depletion workouts", which are

>...long and fast workouts that are done with no breakfast beforehand, and no fuel during the workouts

Googling for this term, you find a lot of pop running articles talking about them, like [this one](https://www.onthegofitnesspro.com/why-you-should-do-depletion-runs/), or [this one](https://www.runnersworld.com/advanced/a20783655/running-low-on-fuel-on-purpose/), and so on.

But I struggle to find any actual scientific articles about this, so my question is twofold:

1. Is anyone aware of any actual scientific studies on depletion runs?  For the sake of this, we're not talking about generally restricting calories -- instead, the question is on not fueling before/during the run, but eating an appropriate amount after the run to recover

2. Have you used these workouts and had success? Here, we're not talking about an easy run before eating breakfast -- instead, it's a hard workout without fuel.

I run about 60-70 mpw right now, and I'm following a Pfitz plan to train for Chicago, so this isn't something I'm going to implement this cycle, but I might consider adding maybe one per month in a future 3-4 month training cycle

I hate this concept. Not fueling your body is stupid.

How I went from 3:25 to 3:04 in one year at age 42.

After bonking in spectacular fashion at last year's Tacoma City Marathon, I had a long look in the mirror and realized that if I wanted to get to Boston I needed to make some serious changes.  With that in mind, I grinded for a year and came into this year's TCM ready to redeem myself.  Here are some of the revolutionary methods I used:

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I doped.

&#x200B;

But seriously:

&#x200B;

Lost weight

Ran more

Ran slower

Trained on terrain that mirrored the race route

Took myself into Lactate Threshold hell once a week

Long runs with speed work on tired legs

Carb loaded properly and had a good race day nutrition plan

Slept more

&#x200B;

These are some of the secrets that only the pro's know about.  I think I'll write a book about it so I can share more groundbreaking tips with you.

Experiences on overtraining symptoms?

Hi all,

TL/DR: What's your experiences with overtraining symptoms? Specifically restless/sleepless nights and decreased max hr over a short time period.

Bit of a long post, so bare with me: This past night I had trouble falling asleep, even though I was almost falling asleep on the couch. Once I went to bed to sleep however I was suddenly wide-awake and even had trouble closing my eyes. Could finally fall asleep after maybe 3 hours.
This has happened maybe 2-3 times in the past 3 months, but never before that. It was always following hard interval sessions, and I always took a day off of training after. Likewise, this time followed a followup lactate test in a training lab yesterday to determine heart rate and lactate zones and vo2max (as well to follow up results from the same test back in January). While my vo2max has increased from 56-63 in 4 months and I've obviously had a great training block with great results and big pb's (despite covid), I couldn't come close to previous max hr (dropped from 188->171 and hr zones fell accordingly across the range). This is in line with two Z5 short effort interval sessions I did over the past two weeks where even though I dug as deep as I've ever done I could barely go into Z4 (measured to 170->179), whereas at the end of a 10k race the week beforehand I was steadily into Z4 and even Z5 for the last 500meters (peaking at 185 as I crossed the finish line).

Are these symptoms of overtraining that anyone else experienced, or is there something else going on here that I'm not seeing? Any other symptom I should be looking out for?

As background, 35M, recreative runner and xc skiier that usually trained around 5-6hrs/week for the past several years but have stepped it up this year with coaching service and increased mileage/training time (up to 6-9 hrs/w since January). Suffered covid in March, but been otherwise healthy.

The sleep thing definitely lines up with my experience of overtraining. I also had SOB, fatigue, hair loss, heart palps, cold intolerance, and POTS. I went from running high volume to barely being able to stand and walk.

You sound like it's not that severe, but check your ferritin. The range is wrong, so understand that if it's less than 50 you should try to increase it (because you have symptoms - insomnia, heart stuff.) The labs report a range that's based on what's statistically normal, while the American Society of Hematology uses a range based on clinical presentation and symptoms, which says 30 and below is absolute iron deficiency, and you can be deficient under 50 with symptoms. Most labs will call 12 normal, and doctors just go with that. It's ludicrous.

Also probably check your D and B12. I'm convinced a huge part of overtraining is nutrient deficiencies, and also a lot of people who get over COVID are turning up with all kinds of deficiencies too. Check my comment history for more. Good luck!

When to visit a lab to get measurements for Vo2max etc.?

I (39M) started running in mid-August and currently follow the half-marathon training plan in MapMyRun which essentially appears to be an 80/20 plan. Before I do the actual HM in April I plan to visit the lab and get some expert advice on my gait (which I think is my weakest part, I definitely heel-strike and potentially overstride) and get some ground truth on Vo2max and lactate thresholds.

So my idea was to get some basic mileage and experience in before I visit the lab in order to survive the tests and already have some basic running technique and enough experience to ask the right questions. But I am wondering when the best time would be to go there? Now, when I have the most time to incorporate the feedback that I receive, or half-way or shortly before the HM to ensure that I don't harm myself while running it? (probably not considering that my long runs are already 16km) or after the HM but before I start preparing for a marathon in September next year?

Any ideas on when the best time is?

EDIT: I have to visit the lab to get a “Sporttauglichkeitsbescheinugung” anyhow. So I was wondering whether the other services would be interesting for me. 
The current consensus on blood work seems to be: no. And the gait stuff a clear: maybe.

If you just started training your VO2 and LT will be a rapidly moving target. You're better off saving the money and getting data from functional testing, i.e. a full gas 5k or 10k.

Why aren't threshold workouts longer?

It seems to me most recommendations for  threshold workouts are something like 2x20 min, 30 min tempo run, etc. However, the pace generally doesn't seem that grueling. Why wouldn't one want to just aquire as much volume at threshold as they could in the workout, something like 6x15 minute intervals or something?

It's clear to me to do proper LT training one would have to actually do some lactate testing, as there is great individual variability with how it correlates to race times/predictions. 

However the volume is still confusing to me. If someone could help point me in the direction to understanding modern LT training science that would be helpful.

Threshold pace, if you’re decently fit, will be somewhere between your 10km and HM pace, and/or about the pace you could hold for an hour. So if you can hold it for 90 minutes of intervals then it isn’t really “threshold.”

And just because you can run a certain pace for an hour, it doesn’t mean you should in training. 30-40min LT runs are a HM/M staple for a reason, they stress your systems but can be recovered from in a few days. Long race-like efforts have their place in builds but not every week or two.

How long does it take to reach peak running economy for a basic runner?

I run 30-60 miles a week and have been steady over the last 2 years. I have been running 15-20 miles a week before that for about 15 years, I watch biomechanics videos occasionally, I try to listen to my body and I slowly incorporate new things. My marathon PB is 3:29. So I’m a basic runner and for a basic runner how long until peak economy is reached. I feel like I’ve only scratched the surface. Edit: I peak at 60 about 3 times a year average is 37.

Infinite time.  Or you could just quit running altogether and you will have reached your individual peak economy automatically, if that is what you mean.    In general most runners plateau at around seven years of running but many improve incrementally for as much as twenty or even thirty years,  particularly when it comes specifically to economy.

There is a PowerPoint slide about Paula Radcliffe where you can see she reached peak condition (in terms of VO2max) with 2 years but continued to get faster on the marathon for many years after and ran her PB about 10 years after turning professional. Takeaway should be that even for elite athletes, running economy is a multi year affair.

Enhancing Distance Running Economy: Seeking Your Experiences

Hello advanced runners!

  
Since I’ve started running, I haven’t done much form-specific strength work, drills, plyometrics, stretches, or warm ups because I don’t know what to do (and also because my HS coach has told me that bringing up mileage will enhance my form). However, through watching and listening to hundreds of hours of running media in each of the past few years, I think that form is something that I should start to deliberately work on (since we do have lots of downtime at practice anyway). Here are a few clips that have inspired me:

  
[2018 podcast with Mike Smith.](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2gbCdXr2grb293w738Yh2W?si=N1rPW69xSCGf6ASalrfUPw) I recommend listening to 48:47 and especially 50:55  
Summary: when recruiting for NAU, Smith looks for athletes who believe that “we aren’t born a certain way and run that way forever,” but that we actually need to work on how we move with the ground.

  
[Mike Smith’s recent interview after Nico Young’s 3k 5k double.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VU9gG6HTz6E&t=119s) Listen to 1:08, 1:29  
Summary: Smith says that Nico is putting a lot more force into the ground because of his mechanical changes. During slower aerobic running, Nico has been working on not simply “dropping” his foot down and instead capitalizing on “punching the ground” and getting force back from it.

[Coffee Club Pod with Lex and Leo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IZuGJAQKe94) saying at 53:52 that Nico's best advice is to really focus on nutrition and dialing in on running mechanics.

  
Tangent: Mike Smith talking about getting force back from striking into the ground reminds me of [this great video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSIDRHUWlVo) talking about elasticity (especially valuable to look at 1:14, 3:13). 

Another tangent: the runner’s form (especially arm movement) in the previous video reminds me of Graham Blanks, [see 6:03](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-UUyKlFlyE&t=322s), and also at this year's NCAA XC D1 Championship [at 26:00](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pr6rlEZ4OSw). So this form seems to be extremely efficient and works for them, but makes me wonder if **this running form is exclusive to people with their unique body compositions or can anyone train themselves into something similar?**

  
So now I want to hear about your experiences with running efficiently. If good running economy is different for every runner, what do you recommend I do to improve my form? I will list what I’ve heard of below to start, but please give advice on anything you have done to achieve better running economy:

  
**Strength training.**  
From [last week's AdvancedRunning post](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdvancedRunning/comments/1bszlpy/refining_weightlifting_for_enhanced_running/), the OP and top commentor (PT and coach) recommends:  
Bulgarian split squats  
Dumbbell bench press  
Nordic curls  
Dumbbell calf raises  
Hip abductor machine  
Single leg RDLs  
Bent over rows  
Pull ups  
Core work  
I assume that most of these muscular exercises are high weight, low rep with long recovery. I wonder if there are any jumping/explosive exercises that focus on putting in a lot of force into the ground within a short time (which sort of mirrors our feet striking the ground) and improves power per ground contact. Please let me know of your experiences with strength training and what exercises to remove/replace/add.

  
**Fixing muscle imbalances.**  
Stephen Scullion recommends that runners do a functional movement screening test (which can be done by yourself) and find what we can’t do evenly (what the weakest link in our form is). Personally, I’ve lost the ability to keep a neutral spine while squatting deeply and keeping my heel planted. I wonder if it is worth restarting my strength work, doing something as simple as a bodyweight squat with a neutral spine, then progressing again.

  
**Warm Ups, Strides, and Plyometrics.**  
In this [Sweat Elite track workout video with NAU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjQlH4uZTB4&t=547s), the runners seem to do a warm up jog, exercises from this [mobility video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeQDkweKlJ8), some (unknown) dynamic warm up, and strides, all before their workout.  
In this recent [CITIUS MAG video with Washington’s middle distance NCAA champions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yY6c4Bvx8OU&t=645s), they do a warm up run, rope stretching (2:04, which may be the same routine that [Nico Young does at NAU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jX9hTfnoRvc)), more jogging, then an interesting group dynamic warm up (2:40) in their workout shoes (each set followed by a stride). Sidenote: this workout video is probably the craziest and best I’ve ever seen.  
In their evening double ([part 2 in the CITIUS MAG x Washington series](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc0wVxzFWjM&t=160s)), they do the same warm up at 1:30.

  
**Running Technique.**  
I’m unsure about what I should focus on form-wise when I am doing threshold, hill reps, racing, and easy runs because there are a lot of conflicting opinions out there. I’ve heard to engage my glutes by moving my core backwards to keep neutral spine and angle the hips up, I’ve heard to move the spine the other way to arch my back and stick out my bum, and also I’ve heard to not think about anything and let the body autopilot. I’m really confused on this point because I can’t feel if I am being more efficient. Also, I’ve noticed that when I do workouts downhill, my back automatically begins to arch and I can’t bring it to neutral.  
However, I’ve found it helpful to focus on being as relaxed as possible, meaning you use the least amount of energy to run X pace, with X being any pace from recovery runs to racing. Also, like I mentioned with Mike Smith before, the idea of not being lazy with our form during even recovery runs has been shared for decades (old Daniel’s Running Formulas and Julian Goater’s “The Art of Running Faster”).

  
**Stretching?**

I think I’ve read some research that says stretching does not seem to improve running economy. However, Julian Goater (13:15 5k PR in 1981, in “The Art of Running Faster”) states that the flexibility and suppleness of stretching allows slightly longer strides and is “the key to preventing injury” (which makes us more consistent and allows us to get better). His argument in a sentence is “if you are loose from head to toe, you will be able to run faster and more freely.” So stretching seems to be beneficial long-term in the same way that improving running economy does, and many pro athletes do stretch and roll before bed.

  
Thank you for your time and reading to the end. If you are on the fence of sharing your accounts, please do! The more experiences I hear and consider, the better!  
Happy, healthy running!

A Comparison of Running Economy Across Seven Carbon-Plated Racing Shoes

**Please note that this is a** ***preprint*** **-- it has not yet been peer reviewed. Even though as a layperson it looks to me like this was a well-conducted study, treat these results as preliminary until this paper is actually published in a scientific journal.**

I believe [this preprint from Dr. Dustin Joubert of Stephen F. Austin University](https://scholarworks.sfasu.edu/kinesiology/33/) is the first controlled lab study that compares many of the carbon-plated racing shoe options currently available (Asics Metaspeed Sky, Brooks Hyperion Elite 2, Hoka Rocket X, New Balance RC Elite 1, Nike Alphafly, Nike Vaporfly Next% 2, and Saucony Endorphin Pro 1)  against each other and against a contemporary traditional racing flat (Asics Hyperspeed).

He worked with 12 well-trained male runners (in \~15:30-17:30 5km shape or equivalent at the time of the study) and measured running economy (in terms of volume of oxygen consumed per minute, per kg of the runner's mass), as well as some other measurements associated with running mechanics, at a speed of 16km/hr (i.e. 3:45/km or 6:02/mi).

The entire preprint is worth reading for anyone interested in the intersection of shoe tech and exercise science. Here are some of my initial thoughts/takeaways from reading through it.

* The Vaporfly and Alphafly are still the gold standard for super shoes (average running economy improvement of 2.72±1.02% and 3.03±1.48%, respectively), but the Metaspeed Sky is also very competitive as well (average running economy improvement of 2.52±1.08%). All three of these average improvements over the traditional flat were statistically significant at the α = 0.05 level. Assuming I read the graph in Figure 2 correctly, it even seems like the Metaspeed Sky actually provided the most improvement for some individuals.
* Brooks and Hoka have their work cut out for them to improve the Hyperion Elite 2 and Rocket X to a level that is competitive with the best carbon-plated racers currently on the market. On average those shoes did not provide a statistically significant improvement in running economy over the traditional flat. That's especially painful considering the huge gap in price between the Hyperspeed ($90) and those shoes (Hyperion Elite 2 @ $250, Rocket X @ $180).
* Building on the previous thought, this study seems to reinforce that a super foam (e.g. PEBA) working in tandem with a carbon-fiber element -- not just a carbon-fiber element in and of itself -- is what make super shoes "super." Hoka in particular seems to be very stuck with traditional variations on EVA, so at this point I personally don't think the Carbon X or Rocket X can be classified as true super shoes.
* I'd like to see some more discussion about the individual variation in response to the various shoes. The graph in Figure 2 shows that to an extent, but it is hard to read for that purpose since it was created to highlight the group average trend.
* Most likely due to limited availability, the study didn't include the Adios Pro (either V1 or V2). In my mind that would have been one of the most interesting comparisons, since at the elite level Adidas is the main competitor to Nike. I hope future research can be done that includes the Adios Pro.
* I want to see this study repeated with female runners. Since women are not small men, there could be important differences in how women respond to the various carbon-plated racers. Even if there isn't a difference, having more evidence that, when combined with this study, better reflects the entire population of runners is a good thing.
* I'm looking forward to one of the [current projects that Dr. Joubert is working on](https://www.instagram.com/p/CTlGvvdAQGg/), which will investigate the effects of super shoes on running economy at paces slower than 14km/hr (i.e. 4:17/km or 6:54/mi).
* **ETA**: There is a valid criticism that even though Dr. Joubert used the traditional and commonly used metric of oxygen consumption, energy consumption (e.g. W/kg or kcal\*kg\^(-1)\*min\^(-1)) is the more appropriate metric (See [paper 1](https://doi.org/10.1152/japplphysiol.00307.2009), [paper 2](https://doi.org/10.1249/MSS.0000000000000311), [paper 3](https://doi.org/10.1152/japplphysiol.00940.2017)) for discussing running economy. \[**Further edit**: The third row of Table 2 includes all of the averages for energy consumption, reported in W/kg. I totally overlooked that until it was pointed out to me. The pairwise comparisons in Table 3 are still done using the oxygen consumption values. As far as I can tell, that doesn't change the end conclusions regarding which shoes provided the most benefit to running economy on average.\] Plus, both of those metrics are distinct from actual running performance (though there have been some [recent work to produce mathematical models that provide estimates of how metabolic improvements translate to running performance improvements](https://doi.org/10.3389/fphys.2019.00079)). I'd love to see this sort of study done with running time trials to get data that is most directly comparable to real-world running performance.

How do you balance high mileage training with a demanding desk job and limited recovery time?

I've been running seriously for about four years, currently around 55-60 mpw with a goal of breaking 3 hours at a fall marathon. My job involves long hours at a desk, frequent travel, and irregular sleep schedules, which makes consistent recovery genuinely difficult.

What I've figured out so far: sleep quality matters more than quantity on chaotic weeks, easy runs truly need to be easy, and nutrition timing around travel days can make or break a workout the next morning.

What I'm still wrestling with is how to prioritize when something has to give. Do you protect the quality workouts and trim easy volume, or keep the volume consistent and accept that some quality sessions will be mediocre? I've read arguments both ways and the answer seems to depend heavily on the individual.

I'm also curious whether anyone has found structured approaches to managing deskjobspecific issues like hip flexor tightness, afternoon energy crashes affecting evening runs, and the mental fatigue that bleeds into perceived effort during workouts.

For those of you who have trained through demanding professional periods and hit significant time goals, what were the nonnegotiable adjustments you made versus what you were willing to sacrifice? Would love to hear from people across different marathon goal ranges, not just sub3.

I’m a morning run evangelist. No mental or physical fatigue from sitting and working all day, no energy crash between meals, no stress during the work day figuring out when you can run. Tougher on sleep for sure, but if you can sacrifice later nights so you still get close to 8hrs, it works out.

When I have work travel, I always prioritize getting my week’s workout in over easy volume. If I have to miss a couple days, I’d rather it be easy miles.

EDIT: Figured I'd add context too. I WFH, 9-5 computer job, travel ~4 times/year. Run 65-75MPW / 8-9hrs training. There's no reason I need to get up at 5:30 to run, but I love the feeling of having it done and still having time for a relaxing morning & coffee before I log on. I think that helps the overall life balance as well.

Win the morning, win the day. It’s the only way. If you need to do more, wake up earlier!

A year ago I had a training block where I hit every single run on my plan perfectly, but was overwhelmed, somewhat sleep deprived, and totally stressed out for 4 months (~60 mpw). This year I had a training block where I missed a few runs, prioritized my own body's signals over what the plan said, and focused on my mental and emotional health alongside the physical (~60 mpw). Guess which marathon I totally crashed and burned in, and which one I had a >30minute PR and BQed in?

During the first one I technically had much more free time than I did during the second. What it really comes down to for me personally is keeping my absolute wellbeing at the forefront. Sacrificing my social life, work life, and sleep was just not worth it at all, and even though I technically did my plan "perfectly" it was hardly an achievement because I was just tired and stressed out all summer.

I know this doesn't exactly answer the logistical aspect of your question but just putting it out there that at its core, marathon training is a great way to practice balance in life overall!

Improving base further?

Hi all, I am a bit stuck with my training after a base phase.

Little background: 38M, running for three years but only rather serious for a year. Almost never run races but last year I ran a half marathon in 1:25 and a 5k in 18:10 on about 30-40 miles a week.

For the last 10 weeks I am running basically every day, averaging about 65 miles/week. This includes easy runs with some strides, sometimes some hill sprints or a tempo run, and a weekly 15-20 mile long run.

I was planning to race some 10k and HM (goal 1:20) this year but there won’t be any races soon. At the moment I do not plan to run a marathon.

I am quite confident with the current training volume, but what to do next?

Increase mileage even more and get a bigger base aiming for a 2021 spring race? This would be possible running doubles but will it be effective?

Or shall I get into a specific plan anyway and do some solo races this autumn?

For a beginner I run quite a lot and most information I can find is either for absolute beginners or for competitive college runners who know everything very well. So, what are you doing with all the cancelled races? Anyone with a similar issue this year?

&#x200B;

edit: 

Thanks a lot all, I think I have some sort of a plan for the next months:

Keep my mileage the same for the next coming weeks and do some more tempos and hill runs. 

Then a couple of weeks with intervals like 400m and mile repeats. 

After that I will push myself to at least a solo 10k to see where I'm at. Hopefully around 37 minutes :)

It sounds like you have a pretty good training plan going for your goals. Maybe do a virtual race where you lay out a 10k or half marathon route and run it. You could set it like a month away and then incorporate some speedwork during your build up. Figure out where you're at and then readjust your goals from there.

Marathon training -- Stick to original goal or adjust based on tune-up race performance?

tl;dr -- My 10km and 15km tune-up races imply a marathon pace much faster than my original goal, but I'm nervous about going too hard and getting punished.

Hi all, I'm facing an issue and would appreciate any insight.

I'm running my second marathon in 30 days following the Pfitz 18/55 with a goal time of 3:30:00. I've felt the fatigue and nursed a niggle here and there but I've never skipped a run and never had issues completing workouts. I finished my first marathon in November at 3:44:xx with only semi-structured training so 3:30:00 seemed like a reasonable goal for this one.

However, I've had unexpected breakout performances in my tune-up races. My 10km tune-up race two weekends ago was 41:30 and my 15km race yesterday was 62:30. Based on the Daniels VDOT table these both imply a marathon time of \~3:10:00, which seems wild to me. My question is, are the VDOT predictions overly optimistic for marathon times in your experience? Should I err on the side of caution and stick to my original goal or is it worth taking the risk and throwing down to chase the 3:10:00? I suppose I could always go out at goal-pace and re-assess partway through if I want to speed up, but I don't want to leave anything on the table. Any input would be greatly appreciated! Thanks

Err on the side of caution, but know that you are going to surprise yourself come race day. Maybe you cut a few seconds off your marathon pace and train at that next run to see how it feels. On race day, go out conservatively and ramp up.

Stick to 3:30 and adjust at 18 or 20 miles.  You haven't been training for the faster paces so you won't hit them on race day.

How do you divide up weekly mileage when building a base?

Hey everyone! I was looking for some insight as to how you might divide up weekly mileage while building an aerobic base. I'm (20M) trying to train up to some higher mileage (60 mpw) before training to break 17 in the 5k. My easy pace ranges anywhere from 7:20-8:00. Just worked up to 40 mpw last week and am currently planning on hitting 44 this week. This is the first week I was planning on utilizing doubles, but after a google search found that they do not pose much benefit at mileage this low. If all my mileage is meant to be done in singles, how long is too long, and what should the week look like? Any insight regarding these questions or base training, in general, would be much appreciated :D

One pro coach said for 5 day week, splitting it into a 3 day group and a 2 day group, each with about the same number of miles in it.  The 2 day group has your long run in it.

https://youtu.be/Rk7KZbewXss

Do you think a runner could ever win a major marathon (Boston, Berlin, London) based off of their “chip time” even though they don’t have the fastest “gun time”?

The “sub-elite” runners start behind the professional runners (very fast runners but who are not expected to win the race). So maybe they are at worst a minute behind them. Theoretically, they could have a better time then the professionals but because they start behind them they wouldn’t technically cross the finish line first. Do you think that could ever happen at a major marathon?

Can't happen. That is, someone could have a faster chip time than the winner, but the winner is (by definition) the first person across the line

Can someone break down the physiological changes that occur as you get faster? From base/volume training to high intensity "peaking" work what changes are we trying to make in the body?

I've been running for 10+ years now and realized I dont know why the workouts we do make us faster.

When am I done base building?

Like everyone here, Covid has given me a ton of extra time that I've sunk into running. I've built my base from 10-15 miles a week up to 35, which was my goal. I'm planning to run some benchmark runs in the mile, 5k and and HM in the next couple of weeks to see where I'm at. But how do I know when I've "built my base" ? I'd like to get faster, but I'm not sure if it's too soon to switch to a focus on speedwork. How many weeks should I have at a comfortable 35 before upping intensity?

Have you been doing a weekly long run? Even though it's still part of base building, the long run provides some unique benefits. That would be the first thing I'd add.

After a few weeks of increasing the long run, I'd start adding in a weekly tempo.

A month of a 35 miles, and you could start introducing strides first, if you’re not already. Agree with previous poster - nice to have one Long run in there too

I made a Base Builder / Weekly Volume Calculator!

Hey, I made [basebuilder.run](https://basebuilder.run), a base builder / weekly volume calculator.  
Let me know if you have any features suggestions or if you find any bugs. I'll try to fix them as soon as possible.  
I hope you'll find it useful.

Mileage for summer base phase (5k training)

Hi guys, What would be good mileage for a make going into junior year of cross country? Last year I was at 45 sometimes 50 miles per week all summer and dropped it down to 35-40 for the season. Would 60-65 miles per week (10 miles a day a 15 mile long run and a rest day so running 6 days a week) this summer be a good idea with maybe a week or two hitting 70? If it helps my PRs are currently (rounded for anonymity) 5k: 17:2x, mile: 4:5x, 800: 2:0x high, 400: 57.xx. Hoping to hit sub 16:30 if at all possible for XC. Also any new predictions for 5k would be great compared to my new track PRs.
16/M/130
 Thanks in advance.

Safely building up mileage/good base for marathon training

Hi,

I’m trying to qualify for Boston 2021 this fall. I’ve been told I’m definitely capable given my high school prs (I’m 18). But how should I go about creating and maintaining a base? 

Last summer, I was hurt but did 30-45 mins on the bike with some interval workouts almost every day. Started running again in September and built up to 50 mpw with no problems. Held that mileage for 3 weeks then took a month off from late jan - late feb. I planned to take a short 2 week break but had some plantar fasciitis and decided to play it safe. Since then, I’ve built from 25 mpw to 40 this week (doing a hilly 10 miler in a couple hours). I plan to go up to 50 again and hold there for a bit before incorporating some fartleks and tempo stuff. Thoughts?

Thanks

Double runs while base building?

Trying to build my base to around 45mpw, but I usually run before work so I can't just increase my mileage. I can fit in 5 miles every weekday, usually take a day off, then a long run on the weekend.

For example, I can do 20 miles on weekdays, and say a 15 mile long run on the weekend. If I wanted to get to 45mpw, is it efficient to do smaller runs during lunch time, maybe 3 miles or so a few days a week, or do short runs not help as much in building your base?

EDIT: Waking up earlier and doing more miles in the morning would be ideal, but I have to drop my daughter off at daycare, which opens at 7:30am, and have to be back at home at around 9:00 ready to work. So I realistically have about an hour to run each morning

It's better than nothing, but you won't get the same stimulus from two 3M runs, than from a 6M run. If you can fit the 6M, given that it's a really short distance, do it.

(And I double a lot)

All the miles count, more or less the same, when you're thinking about base building.

I'd personally recommend try to get your day easy runs up to about a hour/day before adding in doubles, but more from a practical standpoint than significantly different physiological stimulus. Physiologically, I don't think it makes a ton of difference if you split the volume into doubles or do it as all singles. And certainly, you'll be better off running more whether through doubles or singles.

I just think it's easier to do a single hour run than a 40 minute / 20 minute double, where you have to get out the door twice, change twice, shower twice, etc.

Adjusting mileage based off of terrain and perceived effort

Hey all, looking for some feedback on something I recently started doing.

Where I live there is a limited amount of roads and easy trails to run on, but plenty of more difficult trails. These tougher trails often have significant elevation change, soft sand, and difficult to navigate rocks that kill my pace when I run on them. That being said, I really enjoy mixing up my runs and I think that the hill work is useful.

I've started to count these runs as added mileage because they take so much longer, for example: 
Yesterday (monday) I ran on one of these hard trails for 50 minutes and covered just over 5 miles.  
Today I ran on a hard packed sandy road, with only small hills and covered 8 miles in exactly 64 minutes.
Perceived effort is about the same each day so I am counting Monday's run as 6 miles to get it closer to my typical training pace.

I've never added mileage like this before, but I've also never trained on such difficult routes before. Does have recommendations or thoughts on how to handle this?

Train by time and not mileage. Your problem will go away. No matter how far you run, youll always get your minutes in as my coach likes to say. Its much more consistent and focuses more on effort than mileage. You seemed super concerned with how many miles you run rather than how long you're running for which can easily be reduced to simply minutes run. For example week 1 we did 6 days at 50min, following week 6 days at 55min etc. One way or another your mileage increases as time run increases. Don't add mileage because those are what we call JUNK miles. Ive run 8.5 miles in 60min before with less than 100ft elevation. Ive also run 7 miles in 60min with over 1k elevation. Its all effort based not mile based.


Need help increasing my base mileage so I don't overtrain.

Background: 27 year old male. I have been running at 25-35 mpw for the last year. 6 weeks ago I have moved up to 40 mpw and stayed there for a month. The past 2 weeks I have been at 45. I want to move up to 70mpw eventually or even more and I am in absolutely no rush to do so. I need help figuring out when I should be increasing my mileage. In the middle of August I ran a 5K in 20:32 but it was hot and humid. I know I can do better now that the weather has cooled and I have been running consistently and feeling good. Based on my 5K time, training pace calculators say my easy run should be at 8:40-9:20 pace. 

* Monday: 5 miles at easy pace
* Tuesday: 1-2 mile warm up. 6x800 speed intervals at 6:00/mile pace
* Wednesday: 9 miles easy 
* Thursday: 4 miles easy
* Friday: Rest
* Saturday: 14 miles easy long run
* Sunday: 7 miles easy 

This is 45 miles per week. Given that I am running my easy miles at 8:40ish pace, when should I increase to 50 mpw? then 55 etc.? I want to eventually qualify for boston and I would like to avoid burning out and injury. Any tips?

Add about 10 percent per week, take a cut back week about every three weeks and vary your speed work to not do the same thing every week. If it ever feels like it is too much take a cut back week.

Extremely high mileage base training

The other day, [this Arthur Lydiard lecture from around 1991](https://youtu.be/fiUEoTIJNII?si=U4r1nqPsbsPbAOts) popped up in my recommendations. He said that he ran 250 miles per week for about six weeks. He’d run a marathon at 4am before breakfast, go to work, then come home and run another 15 miles in the evening. He also said he had Peter Snell (an 800/1500m runner) run 40-50 miles in the morning during his base phase.

This sparked my interest (even though I myself can’t even fathom doing that kind of mileage). High mileage training itself is fairly common among marathoners from amateurs to pros, but I don’t hear this much emphasis on volume these days. Even Kelvin Kiptum, who is known for running an insane amount of mileage, ran 160-170 miles per week according to his coach (though we should consider that this was at high altitude and most likely on uneven terrain in Kenya).

What is your take on this? Do you think if you’re a slow twitch oriented marathoner who responds well to volume, an extreme mileage base phase can be a way to go? Or is this a case where too much is worse than too little?

I feel like I should comment on this given my recent experiences. I’ve always been a quite high mileage runner, I averaged around 180km a week when I ran my 2:17 marathon back in October, and then I decided to up my mileage again to try and get in sub 2:15 shape. For the last 18 weeks in particular I’ve been averaging around 230km (I’ve gone as high as 265km a couple of times), and it’s suddenly hit me like a brick wall  and I’m showing all symptoms of overtraining, my marathon is in 4 weeks and it’s completely derailed me to the point where running a 25 minute 5k is draining me right now

Looking back now the warning signs were probably there from January. I ran a  fairly hilly half marathon and ran 1:08 which the time itself wasn’t bad considering it was on the back of I think a 250km week, but I felt absolutely terrible throughout it to the point that I was counting down the km’s from 5k. At the time I thought it was just cumulative fatigue (and it simply might have been), but now I think that cumulative fatigue may have been masking early overtraining symptoms and as a result I’ve kept pushing through and making it significantly worse

My issue is that I’m competitive and I came across RanToJapan just before he ran Valencia, I think my ego took over seeing him knock out 280km weeks while running faster times than me so I thought that I could also run those type of weeks and I’ll also start running similar times, but unfortunately I’ve bit off more than I can chew and I’ve had to admit that my marathon next month will no longer be a PB attempt. I’m just hoping to be back to myself at that point and treat it as a long run. This is nothing against RanToJapan either btw, what he does is incredible, but my body simply couldn’t handle similar volume at this point in time (or maybe ever)

So yeah learn from my mistakes, don’t let your ego dictate your mileage or get into a competition with others. Decide on a mileage you want to hit and don’t go over it, even if you’re feeling great some weeks. Hopefully I’ll be back in action soon but I’ve decided that when I am back, I’m going to limit my weeks to 200km and see how I get on.

I mean it depends on the individual, but more importantly what your life allows you to do. Running 250 miles is simply impossible to achieve for most people with a job.

AFAIK if you’re able to build up to 250miles safely it won’t negatively impact you at least, but there is significant diminishing returns for a non-pro runner imo!

In saying that, I’ve only been running seriously for a bit over a year now and my low volume weeks are 160km, and I peak at 200km, so what do I know haha! Keen to hear what other people say

What is your go to base phase tempo workout?

Looking for some ideas for base phase tempo workouts. Something around 10-12km (6-7 miles) including WU/WD would be great. 
Thanks.

How about a classic Kenyan-style progression run?.

A guide to the Lydiard base phase; Or, it's not all long slow distance

Everyone talks about it, but what does it actually mean to "build a base" for an upcoming season? I wanted to present my interpretation of how to properly build a base from the person who basically pioneered the practice of periodization and whose ideas nearly all modern training regimens are fundamentally based upon.

# But first, a myth...

Many people have probably heard the classic critique of Lydiard training that it's all just long slow distance and "long slow distance makes for long slow runners." The Lydiard base phase is not all long slow distance; the longer it progresses the less slow running there is. Just because running is prescribed as "aerobic" or "easy" does not mean it has to be slow.

#Basic Principles

As long as you understand the fundamentals of the Lydiard base phase, then you can adjust it and apply it to you own situation. That's what Lydiard did with all of his athletes; rarely was anything written in stone.

* The primary goal of this period is to **increase your aerobic fitness** through a combination of longer, easier running and shorter, faster running. Every race from 800m on up relies primarily on aerobic metabolism, so you need to develop this system to it's biggest capacity. Any fitness gains you can achieve anaerobically can be done *more effectively* and with *better results* with a larger aerobic base.

* Always push your fitness up from below instead of trying to pull yourself faster from above. In other words, **train, don't strain**. Aerobic capacity can generally be improved forever, while anaerobic fitness can be fully trained in about 6-8 weeks. Nearly all of the training in the base phase should be done at efforts of marathon pace or slower; training harder than that will force your body to tap into anaerobic metabolism that will produce lactic acid. Lydiard's guidelines always recommended avoiding anything that could produce lactic acid in the base phase, arguing that it would hinder aerobic development and lead to too soon (and too low) of a peak.

* That all said, **don't neglect basic speed maintenance.** Lydiard's runners would regularly do 2-3 days a week of strides (typically 10 x 100m) and then another day of a fartlek with surges of less than 1 minute with plenty of recovery. While this running technically is anaerobic, the shorter nature of the strides means that the effort should never produce lactic acid (it's alactic speed maintenance). Even the fartlek, with enough recovery between surges, isn't really anaerobic.

* Finally, base training should last **8-12 weeks**. Less than that isn't enough time to fully develop the aerobic system, while more than that Lydiard found that their marginal improvements began to level off a bit, such that switching to more anaerobic stimulus became more effective. Plus after 12 weeks of being in the same training state, most competitive runners are itching to change things up to more race-specific training.

# A note on paces

While you might often see specific pace guidelines for various training intensities, Lydiard recommended training primarily by effort during the base phase. As you get more fit, your pace should naturally increase. Not to mention he didn't have access to GPS watches and the like.

* **1/4 effort** is easy running, or however you feel on that day. Could be slow if you feel rough, could be faster if you feel good. You be the judge.

* **3/4 effort** is a strong aerobic effort. Today we'd call this steady state, aerobic threshold, marathon pace, etc; basically, it's the fastest you can run without dipping into anything anaerobic.

* **7/8 effort**, or a time trial riding the red line. This should be used sparingly during the base phase (mostly towards the end, if at all), and it's what we'd consider lactate threshold pace today.

* Strides and fartlek surges should be done at a 'relaxed-fast' effort with full recovery.

# The Basic Schedule

Keep in mind that this would change with the individual runner and their progress, but this was the basic layout of weekly training:

* **Monday:** 10 miles @ 3/4 effort
* **Tuesday:** 15 miles @ 1/4 effort w/ strides
* **Wednesday:** 10 mile fartlek
* **Thursday:** 18 miles @ 1/4 effort w/ strides
* **Friday:** 10 miles @ 3/4 effort
* **Saturday:** 15 miles @ 1/4 effort w/ strides
* **Sunday:** 22 miles @ 1/4 effort

That's 100 miles in singles (!) with 6 of the 7 days involving faster running of some sort. Long, for sure, but not exactly all slow distance by any means. A short secondary run could be added any day if the runner wanted to feel a bit more fresh. 

For reference, at the beginning of the base phase most of Lydiard's athletes ran the 10 mi @ 3/4 effort in about 65 minutes, but by the end they'd be down to about 55 minutes, give or take a few. Not forcing the pace at all, just letting it naturally progress as you get more fit. The 22-miler (on a hilly, almost mountainous course) would typically be about 2:30, again give or take about 10 minutes as fitness progressed.

*Keep in mind that this would have been the peak of the base phase, and this was something that even Olympic champions struggled with. Pare it down to fit your own fitness level.*

# Adjusting it to your level and TL:DR

Each week for 8-12 weeks: 2x 60 minute @ about marathon pace, 2x (at least) of leg speed strides and such, 1x long run upwards of 2 hours. On the other days, try to run longer mileage at a relaxed effort, whatever feels good that day. Double as you see fit to hit goal mileage. Simple.

This is absolutely a high-mileage approach to training; but then, if you really want to maximize your aerobic development, it's what you have to do. This is the training that led the tiny nation of New Zealand to dominate middle distance running in the 1960s, then Finland in '70s. More recently, it forms the backbone of most training systems in Kenya, Ethiopia, Morocco, and Japan. While many coaches or training gurus or whoever might expound on their differences from Lydiard-style training, in reality I believe they have much more commonalities than they have differences.

So...yeah, that's all I got. I don't have any specific discussion questions, I mostly just wanted to post this before most people's base conditioning ended.

Oh! **Source:** Everything comes from *Healthy Intelligent Training* by Keith Livingstone. It's the most widely accepted modern interpretation of Lydiard's system, plus it has Craig Mottram on the cover so you know it's legit.

Guidance as far as “60-90 g/hr” based on speed and weight

I’m 142 lbs, 50 years old, with a recent marathon time just under 3 hrs. Despite running for years, I don’t feel I’ve really dialed in my marathon fueling such that I can guarantee a GI stress free race. My first question is really dialing in how much I need. 

I’ve been reading about how endurance performance is tied to how many calories one can consume per hour without GI distress. Does that still apply for marathons? They are relatively short, and generally more intense, compared to ultra distances etc. 

Does the standard recommendation of  60g-90g/hr depend on your weight? Or speed?

Ultimately I realize this is highly dependent on the person, but curious what the latest expert research suggests for a recreational marathon racer, trying to actually compete, running close to threshold, and pushing themselves for maximum performance.

Great questions.

Firstly, listen to "fueling endurance" podcast.

Secondly, 60g-90g is a really solid base suggestion. The pros generally do more, like 120g - during both ultra running but, yes, also marathons. For what its worth,  i was around 90g/hour for my marathon, and probably above it (but lost track) for my ultra.

Technicallly, it does depend on speed, yes... but, not really. That is, the recommendation holds even at 4hr29min marathons. The recommendation no doubt would be more in the 80-120g+ range for just over 2 hour marathoners.

Thirdly, generally, regardless of weight, fitness, generally, broadly, roughly, people's guts can transport circa 60g of glucose (treat maltodextrin the same) per hour.

Generally, people can tolerate and get quicker benefit / more benefit from glucose over fructose.

Sucrose is 50/50 fructose and glucose.

Ignore lactose.

Therefore, generally, i'd suggest 60g of glucose + whatever you can tolerate from fructose.

Most importantly, your gut can be trained... so, investing the money into gels/sports drinks whilst training actually is critical for success. Not only a couple of times. Regularly for best results.

I use two gel brands to avoid flavour fatigue --> maurten (SOME research exists that its easier on the gut) and koda (no fructose), as well as sports drinks (tailwind is my preference).

Whilst your body uses fat and glyocgen to run, you have absolutely ample fat stores to run all day. Thats not a worry at all. You can run significantly faster on glyocgen than fat, so maximising glyocgen (through glucose and fructose intake) is the key to fast times.

Some people talk about fat adaptations. Definitely ignore them if you're only interested in marathons (i vote ignore them for anything under 48hour races too!).

We've talked about taking onboard glyocen during the race through glucose/maltodextrin/fructose/sucrose.

The next bit is starting the race with full glyocgen stores. You can do this with sensible eating. This is what i do and recommend. Think what you would normally eat + chocolate bar + a powerade with lunch instead of water + a second bowl of pasta + icecream for dessert the night before + a bowl of cereal and banana for breakfast. This will "fill" your glyocgen stores and is fairly low risk. This should be the standard.

However, the extreme option is to supercompensate your glycogen stores. The general way to do this is eating 8-12g of carbs per kg in the 24hours before, with 10g being a good starting point -> if you're 50kg, you might get away with 8g. This is risky as many people's guts won't be able to handle this, and its expensive to try, and if you did it regularly obviously can result in health issues, and you need to know how to do it properly ---> for example, if you're eating 500g of pasta, it better be white pasta not wholemeal. Again though, you would need to practice this in training to.

feeling constantly exhausted + not improving while base building

hey AR! i am a few months out of recovering from posterior tibial tendinitis. so far so good injury wise. i have been trying to VERY responsibly build my mileage in service of running the philly marathon in november and *really* beginning marathon training in august.

context if it matters: i’m 28, my PRs (all from this past winter) are 20:03 5K & 1:37 HM

since late april i’ve slowly bumped my mileage from virtually nothing (injury, and then covid) to ~35 and aiming to peak at 50-55. first a quick bump up to 20, then slowly increasing to 35. i take a down week every 4th week. i’ve introduced strength training once or twice a week as well. my track club puts on a 5K in our park every other wednesday so i’ve been racing/tempoing those as well. i run my easy days quite slow (9:30-10) in contrast to my pre-injury easy pace (8:00) to be proactive about not overtraining and have energy for harder days and long runs.

i feel at a loss because it doesn’t feel like i’ve been improving at all. i feel SO tired all the time. i couldn’t imagine running my old easy pace every day. my 5k times have been consistent enough, but not improving, and nowhere near where they were pre-injury. some days feel great, but typically only when i’ve unintentionally taken like 2 rest days in a row, which doesn’t feel sustainable with my increasing MPW. and i have to mention, the DOMS i experience from strength training really fucks with my running the subsequent two days, i am so so sore. am i being impatient, or am i doing something wrong?

Are you eating enough? Getting enough calories is a big part of recovery and could cause excessive fatigue

If you’re not losing weight, you’re eating enough. If you’re not sure about whether you are, though, it’s important to keep track, especially when you increase training volume.

Some diet things that can make you feel bad in training are not enough water (you know this one), not enough protein (can hinder muscle recovery), not enough vegetables (can cause a nutrient deficiency), not enough carbs immediately after running (probably not a problem if you eat a lot of junk food), or too much sugar and/or alcohol (can cause blood sugar swings that make you feel super tired at times). You don’t have to be crazy religious about all of those, but they each make a difference.

For base building, is it better to divide the easy day mileage evenly or have a few really short days and a few semi-long days?

I'm a 28 year old male, currently coming off a 1 month break (due to minor hip/thigh injury) from 40-50MPW half marathon program. The half time trial one month ago was 1:24 (other time trials during training this year are 19 min 5k, and 39 min 10k). I'm looking to build mileage so I can comfortably be training in the 60MPW range by the end of the year. I always seem to get injured when I break into the 50+MPW range consistently and want to break free from this limit! My ultimate goal is to BQ before I'm 30.

I'd like to have 1 long run, 1 workout (so I don't overdo it), and 1 rest day per week during this base building period. Then divide the remaining mileage through the rest of the days. **The question: Would it be better to run the 4 easy days with an even number of easy miles or would doing a really easy day followed by a longer (but not long run) easy pace day be better?** 

For instance on a 50 mile week where I'd be trying to put about 28 miles into these 4 days, would doing 4 days of around 7 miles each be better or worse than 2 days of 4 miles and 2 days of 10 miles? E.g. (15, 7, 7, Workout, 7, 7, Rest) vs. (15, 4, 10, Workout, 4, 10, Rest)?

Other information: I'll take the next month to get back to around 30MPW to make sure this hip thing is really gone. I cross-train with soccer (not ideal for running but I really enjoy it) and I'll probably toy around with adding in strength workouts, too. The mileage building would following a pattern something like 30/30/25/35/35/30/40/40/35/45/45/40/etc. Workout days are going to focus mostly on a small volume of 200s/400s and more on tempos.

In the past, I've hit 50s and a few 60 mile weeks (peak weeks only) before but never been able to stay there consistently without injury. I started running seriously in early 2017 after nearly 10 years of inactivity (soccer in high school). Marathon PR is 3:25ish from 2018 and haven't been able to stay injury free in breaking 50MPW since. After building a base for 12 weeks prior to starting (from about 30MPW to 50MPW), I made it 5 weeks into the a 50MPW JD 2Q program last summer and bonked hard with a foot injury. I'd just like to be able to get to 60MPW by the end of the year and stay there so I feel past this 50MPW curse! I figured I'd take time to just build a solid base for next year so I don't end a 3rd year with an injury and have to start over (again).

Also: Any other suggestions or comments on my plan would be greatly appreciated!

A lot of people on this sub will swear by Faster Road Racing by Fitzinger. It’s a fairly cheap book and has amazing training programs within it. The general structure is to polarize your training into hard and easy days, rather than ‘an even number of miles.’ An example of a 50 mile week:

Monday: Rest

Tuesday: 10 miles easy

Wednesday: 5 miles easy

Thursday: 12 miles easy-moderate

Friday: 4 miles super easy

Saturday: 8 miles total w/ 22 minutes at lactate threshold pace

Sunday: 14 miles easy-moderate

Base building advice

Hi fellow runners,

I'm planning to do a spell of base building to go from ~50km a week to 70km+ a week. I was originally aiming to do it all at an easy pace (based off of the Vdot formula) with one long run on a sunday totalling 25% of the weekly mileage with the remaining 75% being spread evenly over Monday-Friday. 

I would then up this every 3 weeks in-line with jack Daniel's advice of 1 mile for every day ran per week. This would be 6 miles for me (or ~9.5km).

My main fear is that this would involve no fast running. I was wondering if people would have advice on chucking tempo runs or repetitions in this plan? My thinking was that on a Tuesday my mileage could include 20 minutes at my threshold pace and my Thursday mileage could include 8 x 400m repetitions w/ 400m jogs inbetween. Is this sensible and if not what other suggestions would people have?

Thanks for your help

Edit: lots of good helpful advice here so thanks again to everyone. Think I'll be keeping it nice and easy for the most part with a tempo run thrown in once a week and striders at the end of an easy run if in feeling good.

What are the pros and cons of doing a very lengthy aerobic running base training?

To clarify that:
I am aiming to prepare for a marathon in november of 2023. I absolutely despise interval training and enjoy very much low intensity training and have seen massive results of improvement.

I have 0 issues with getting bored doing this type of workouts as I crosstrain often (mtb, long distance inline skate...) on top of eventual trail runs.

It is my understanding that before a race you want to be in your best shape and it is necesary to do speed work and I will eventually do that but for the time being and until 2-3 months before I feel like I have no need of doing that and enjoy doing very long runs very often.

I wanted to know what those advanced runners think about it. 
thanks for your input

I think plowing through a bunch of miles is a great way to prepare for a marathon. All else being equal, I think most runners would perform better in a marathon after running 70-80 MPW with very little to no speedwork than someone running, say, 40-50 MPW with 2x workouts/week.

That being said, I think you sacrifice two important things with this approoach:

1.⁠Aerobic and physical benefit from doing some uptempo running ("tempo" / "threshold" pace runs at HM to M effort). These will have more aerobic stimulus, and also get you used to the physical difference you need to adjust to for running faster than easy pace
2.⁠Neuromuscular stimulus / Running Economy/Efficiency improvement. Strides, hill sprints, 200m reps at mile pace all help you get stronger, more efficient, and more comfortable running at faster speeds, which should also trickle down to marathon pace.

I absolutely despise interval training

Part of me wonders if you're doing interval training wrong. Some workouts are going to be pretty hard, sure, but most workouts you do especially as a marathon runner shouldn't leave you feeling totally drained. In my anecdotal experience it's pretty common for runners to do interval sessions way too hard and therefore hate interval training - e.g. a 20 minute 5k runner trying to do 12x400 in 90 seconds with 1 min jog in between.

What sort of interval training sessions have you done previously (interval duration, rest duration, paces)? How did you determine your training pace for those sessions?

Confusion over HR while base building - what should I have expected?

Hi guys. Have been base building since November time after reading *Training for the Uphill Athlete*, whereupon I realised that I was anaerobically deficient. 

Six months later I am pretty pleased with my progress. My standard running pace of the past is now totally conversational and I'm putting in a lot more mileage without fatigue. 

However, my heart rate has been quite odd. Let's use 8min/mile as a benchmark to show what I mean. 

Previous: 8m/mile // HR 150-155 /// out of breath  
Now: 8m/mile // HR 150-155 /// totally conversational

I expected my heart rate to go down significantly but instead it just seems that my conversational pace / aerobic threshold has just risen. Is that to be expected? For some reason I can't figure it out. 

As well, I've noticed that my max HR feels significantly lower than it used to be. Where I could clock 190 I can now seemingly only get up to 180.  

Sorry if this is boring, but I just really can't figure this out at all.

Help rebuilding my base

I've been on the rebound after 3 months of dealing with post tibial tendinitis and am now. I slowly got back to 12 mpw with 4 runs of 3 miles at a slow and easy pace. I want to SLOWLY ramp back up (~10% increase per week max). Is it better to build my base by increasing the frequency of my runs or by increasing mileage and keeping a lower frequency? I.e. to hit 15 mpw should I do 5 runs at 3 miles or 4 runs at 4 miles? Does it make a difference?

Why does threshold training give such tremendous benefits when the RPE is so relatively low?

In shorter interval training you often reach a 9/10 RPE and it’s kind of a consensus that you need that level of effort to get the most out of it. But in threshold training you hold at most 40min at a pace where you can hold for an hour which has an effort level of around 6-8/10. Yet it’s arguably the most important training run for most distances from 5k to marathon. Just curious

If 40’ at threshold feels easy you probably aren’t running at threshold. 

Every time I have a threshold run I wonder how I'm supposed to keep this up for an hour haha

Threshold should feel challenging but controlled.  If you feel like you are dying, you are probably running beyond threshold into VO2Max.

That hour thing is like if someone is pointing a gun at you and telling you to keep the pace until you literally drop.

40min of threshold should still feel very hard, particularly in the middle of a training block.

Even 20min should be quite unpleasant at the end

I’d argue that running for 40 mins at an effort you can sustain for 60 mins max should feel more like an 8 or 9/10.

Because training that you can complete is not the same thing as training that you can adapt to

Struggling to gauge RPE. How to avoid being too conservative?

I hope this doesn’t break any rules and won’t get removed.

Serious question: How do you actually know if you’re pushing hard enough during a race?
I just finished a Half Marathon in 1:27:16. It’s a massive PR for me, back in May last year, I was running 1:38. My training and watch predictions suggested I could aim for 1:28, so that was my goal. It didn't feel "easy" while I was out there; it felt quite tough, so I stuck to my plan very conservatively and only started to pick up the pace in the final third of the race.
I completely let go and hammered the last 3km. And you know what? Those last 3km were at an average pace of 3:43 min/km (my target pace for a 1:28 HM was 4:09 min/km). My final 5km split actually ended up being a lifetime 5k PR of 19:29.
Finishing strong feels great, sure. At first, I was stoked about the PR and the fact that I had so much gas left in the tank. But now I’m starting to feel frustrated. I can't help but think I paced it poorly and left a much better time out on the course.
I train 6 days a week and I feel like I understand my body, but apparently, I don't understand race day intensity. In every race, my fastest kilometers are always the final ones, even when I don't believe a negative split is possible at the start. But this time, I overshot my plan by a mile.
How do you guys find that line between 'conservative' and 'underperforming'?

First off, always celebrate a PR! You did something new. Congrats.

Second, this is one reason I think newer runners should race some shorter races. Most places you can find a 5k every weekend (and if you have a parkrun it's free) which is a great time to FAFO. Think your fitness is better than you've been racing? Go out harder next time, the worst that happens is that you shuffle back to the start feeling a bit foolish. Once you hone in on being able to push yourself (this is a skill) in the 5k you can even use that time to give you good targets for longer races using equivalency tables like vdot.

Pace/HR Zone/RPE Adjustments to Pfitz Plans

I'm wondering if any of you have made pace/HR/RPE adjustments to the Pfitz marathon plans or otherwise have thoughts on doing so from your experience.

Pfitz seems to proscribe aerobic, medium/long, and long runs all in zone 3, with a limited number of miles in zone 2, which is obviously where most experts seem to advise the bulk of your running happen.

I'm 8 weeks in to Pfitz 18/85. I started off following his pace/zone recommendations, but over the past few weeks I've adjusted a bit. I'm doing the recovery runs in zone 1/2; half of the aerobic, medium/long, and long runs in zone 2; and the other half in zone 3.

I feel like getting some serious miles in at zone 3 has been hugely helpful in getting me used to running long distances at a more challenging pace, but scaling back to fewer zone 3 miles per week has helped the running be a bit more sustainable.

That said, I'm still pretty new to running seriously, and I'd be interested to hear others' perspectives. I'm a bit concerned about the zone 3 running keeping me from hitting my workouts as hard as I should be, especially now that I'm about to start VO2 max runs. At the same time I don't want to lose the benefit I've gained from the zone 3 runs.

All I know is that every time I slack off on strength training, I get injured.  It's happened 3 times in 3 years - I get complacent and think I don't need it anymore, and then I end up having to miss a race and sidelined for 2-8 weeks.

How to stay excited about your training plan 10 weeks into an 18 week plan?

Runna estimates my Marathon time will be 6:26. It sounds extremely daunting to be able to be on my feet for that long and it’s making me extremely nervous. Race on Nov1st

I am doing a 23 week training block but I am freaking out about the 6:26 prediction. I don’t have a time goal so that aspect doesn’t bother me but I am worried about being able to be on my feet for that long.

Edit: Damn I am getting roasted in the comments so adding some more context 😅 I have done 3 half marathons. I did 9+1 last year to qualify for the NY marathon so I am not a complete newbie. Max miles I have run continuously are 15. I know I can do this just needed some support. And NY marathon is generous with the cut off times so I know even if I am the last runner to finish the cutoff time will not be the issue. Having said that it’s still daunting to stay on my feet for that long. 

Thanks to everyone that posted a supportive comment ❤️ Much love.

With all due respect, if you’re worried about being on your feet for 6 hours maybe you need a stronger base before signing up to a marathon

Respectfully, you are only running 13 miles a week. Build up to 30 miles a week and spend a month there. I bet you get a lot faster and that prediction comes down.


Training books/research/examples collection

Apologies if this thread exists somewhere, I haven't been able to find it!

I'm trying to put together a collection/list of training resources, research and examples that goes beyond the typical Hansons/Pfitz/Daniels stuff. Specifically interested in 1500m-5k training and strength/mobility resources that go beyond recreational competition and are geared more towards sub-elite/elite runners. Bonus points for peer-reviewed research (hard to find, I know). Even Strava accounts that are particularly insightful into a specific philosophy could be interesting (Joe Klecker's is informative, for example).

I think for a lot of us nerds this could be a helpful thing to have in one place.

I'll start off with a few resources I've used/trained with/on my shelf:

* Daniels
* Pfitz (Better Road Racing, Marathon)
* Joe Rubio 1500m/mile training booklet
* Better Training for Distance Runners, Coe/Martin
* Marius Bakken's blog
* Jay Dicharry's website/books
* NAU freshmen mobility video
* Ron Warhurst's philosophy/general approach at UM

Since you asked for peer-reviewed research, these are some articles that have come out over the past few years analyzing the training practices of elite runners.

•⁠Crossing the Golden Training Divide: The Science and Practice of Training World-Class 800- and 1500-m Runners
•⁠Training Periodization, Methods, Intensity Distribution, and Volume in Highly Trained and Elite Distance Runners: A Systematic Review 
•⁠The Training Characteristics of World-Class Distance Runners: An Integration of Scientific Literature and Results-Proven Practice, which we discussed on this sub last year.
•⁠Does Lactate-Guided Threshold Interval Training within a High-Volume Low-Intensity Approach Represent the “Next Step” in the Evolution of Distance Running Training?, which we discussed on this sub about a month ago 

Mark Coogan came out with a training book last month that includes plans for the mile and a log of Heather MacLean's training during the winter and spring of 2021 as an illustration of his overall training style.


Are we putting too much emphasis on recovery routines?

Running consistently for 15 years and as a masters runner (48M) I tend to foam roll and use a massage gun every single day of the week as a means to keep niggles away. Pretty standard stuff that most runners I know do these days.

These past two weeks however I was on holiday and decided to travel light-so I didn't carry my recovery equipment with me. Just two pairs of shoes for road and trails. The place was *very* hilly-all available routes (both on- and off-road) had at least 100ft of elevation gain for every mile, many had much more. Now I normally run two times a week on non-technical trails and I am a very good uphill runner (so these routes were more challenging but nothing too demanding, I could stay in Z2 for the duration of the run without slowing down significantly). I also run 6-7 times per week year round, averaging about 55-65 miles consistently and kept the same routine during the two week holiday. We also did a lot of walking so I was constantly on my feet.

Today was the first run after returning back home. 9 miles done. Went on to foam roll and use the massage gun as usual. ZERO soreness and tightness Nothing even remotely resembling a discomfort. Two weeks of running the same volume  with 30% more elevation gain and no S&C yet I feel like someone with a magic wand erased any hint of tightness that was there before. I will keep my foam rolling/massage gun routine as is but I can't stop thinking if the emphasis on S&C is really as essential as all the YouTubers make it out to be...

&#x200B;

The biggest parts of recovery, and by that I mean 90%, are sleep and nutrition.

I generally find people are getting way too involved in mobility, stretching etc while getting 6 hours of sleep a night.


10-15 minutes of pre and post run activation, drills, mobility, and strength make a huge difference.

10-15 minutes of foam rolling and massage gun feels good, probably helps a bit, but is way overblown by every running influencer out there.
and activate before runs, especially if you work a desk job and sit all day.

Sub 5 at 35

### Race Information
* **Name:** Mile TT
* **Date:** April 27, 2021
* **Distance:** 1 mile
* **Location:** A track in British Columbia
* **Time:** 4:44

### Goals
| Goal | Description | Completed? |
|------|-------------|------------|
| A | 4:59 | *Yes* |
| B | 4:59 | *Yes* |
| C | 4:59 | *Yes* |

### Splits

| Lap | Time |
|------|-------------|
| 1 | 71 | 
| 2 | 73 | 
| 3 | 73 | 
| 4 | 67 | 

(Fair warning: this is a long post.)

### Background

Like a lot of people, the pandemic drove me out from under the weight rack and onto the roads and trails. In April 2020, I threw on some beat-up sneakers and went out for a solo half marathon to celebrate my 34th birthday. It wasn't an especially speedy effort (1:40ish?), but I enjoyed it and it reminded me of a goal I had forgotten about since my twenties: to run a mile in under five minutes.

An aside: I've played ultimate frisbee since high school and in the last 15 years have played at pretty much every level. I've never been the best player, or the most athletic, but I've always worked my ass off on and off the field, including in the gym and on the track. So I'm no stranger to running (kinda) fast. I just never did it for very long.

Anyhow, in the peak frisbee condition of my mid to late twenties, I took a few cracks at the sub-five dream. I came close. Like, agonizingly close. There's a picture that I still have of my old Timex with 5:00:94 on it. Other times I hit 5:05, 5:11, 5:15. Between 2014 and 2017 I probably tried six or seven times, missing by 15 seconds or less each. Eventually I lost motivation or got injured or met a girl or something, and I forgot about it. Life, you know?

Flash forward to 2020 (ugh), post-solo half marathon and halfway through a celebratory pain au chocolat and latte, I realize that the age window for a fast mile was not getting any larger. Given that most other athletic pursuits seemed likely to be off limits for a least a couple months (lol), I decided to commit to training for the mile. Initially, I had no real plan except to go out and run more and more frequently. A friend recommended JD, and I hungrily consumed it and every other piece of running media I could get my hands on, AR included. In retrospect, I recognize now that a new sport to sink hours and hours into (both running and reading about running) was something I needed more than I realized.

Another aside, this one a little sadder: 2020 was a hard year for many reasons (no shit), but for me personally the hardest was the loss of my father. In one of our last few conversations, I remembered telling him about my new obsession with running and my hope of finally getting under five. He smiled (which didn't happen much at that point), and said something like, "sounds pretty impressive." After he was gone, I revisited that moment on more than a few hard workouts and on race day. Losing a parent puts some strange ideas in a person's head, and one of mine was that our brief conversation constituted a promise to him that I had to fulfill.

### Training

I started with JD's 1500-2 mi training plan on 30-35 miles a week. I built up through the first phase in spring and summer of 2020, gradually adding more easy days on until I was running five, then six, then sometimes even seven days a week. I picked paces based on my previous 5+ mile PR from five years ago, which is not really recommended. You can probably see where this is going: I got shin splints. 

I had read enough at this point to know how little I wanted them to blossom into a stress fracture, so I took a few days off and invested in my feet. That's right, I got some Hoka Cliftons. I'm convinced they saved my legs, and I've now become such a Hoka shill that I'll buy their shoes for full price and STILL tell you how great they are. But I was still feeling wary of the heavy track load in phase II of JD's plan, so I... restarted phase I. I actually did that a couple more times, not due to injury but for family-related travel that was both unavoidable and especially stressful due to the pandemic (I ended up quarantining twice, having had to go to the states both times).

I couldn't bring myself to race the mile, though. I definitely felt that I was getting quicker, and although my paces had felt uncomfortable initially, I hadn't missed on a single workout and was hitting the shorter distances falap ster than recommended (old habits die hard). But the failures in my twenties gave me pause, because they had come along with the draining emotional fatigue of knowing that I had tried very, very hard and come up short. I felt at this point that I didn't want to race the mile again until I was damn sure I could do it, even on a bad day. Plus, I had no one to run with. 

This status quo continued until early this year. In February, after considering it for a couple months, I took the plunge and hired a coach through a local running group. I'm going to be a shill again here: having a good coach was *huge* for me. Even though I love learning and thinking about running, I still honestly didn't (and don't) know much, so having someone to thoughtfully program my workouts made a significant difference in my progression.

The two biggest changes to my programming that my coach made were A) pushing my training paces a notch or two higher and B) adding more VO2-max and tempo workouts. In retrospect, it seems obvious that I was plateauing and more in need of endurance than speed, but clearly it wasn't apparent to me at the time. 

It also helped that I made a friend: I happened to mention my training to a friend of a friend with a track background, and he agreed to join and pace me. In the end he ended up running a solid two months of workouts with me, which also dramatically improved the track work. Nothing like some competition and comraderie.

The last problem that my coach solved was my hesitance to commit to a date for the next mile attempt. Almost immediately after we started working together, she put this time trial on the calendar, along with another attempt a month later. She also put the most heinous workout I've ever seen on the calendar, one of those workouts you dread for the whole week and when it shows it up it turns out to be even worse than you thought. The workout:

- 2 mi @ 5:40/mi, 2 min rest
- 4 x 200 @ 36, 200 jog rest
- 3 x 1 mi @ 5:40/mi, 1 min rest
- 4 x 200 @ 36, 200 jog rest

By the time late April came around, we were hitting paces that indicated 4:50 fitness. Bizarrely, feeling like I had what I needed for sub-five in my legs made me move more cautiously in the world: I worried that if I broke my ankle or something, I might miss my only chance at doing this and regret it for the rest of my life. I imagined (and tried to avoid) an embarrasing number of admittedly unlikely possibilities for injury as race day grew closer.

### Pre-race

Finally, the day of. I slept well two nights before, and poorly the night of. We planned to go around 4:30pm at the local track to hopefully avoid the post-work rush, so I distracted myself with work until then. This turned out to be helpful: obsessing about some work problem right up until the time I had to leave left me with not very much time to be nervous. I ate normal stuff for the most part, although more beans than usual. (That's just a weird detail, not a Chekhov's Beans-type scenario. There will be no further bean references.)

Around 4, I met up with my friend and went for a 20 minute shakeout jog. We got to the track and met with coach there, who had come to watch / motivate / call out splits. Our plan was to aim for 74 on the first lap (including the extra 9 meters), then 74s on laps 2 and 3 before closing it out. I did not want to be a hero today: after all this time, the possibility of going out too hot and crashing in lap 3, Icarus-eat-your-heart-out-style, seemed all too possible. 74s seemed very doable.

After some drills and strides, we were ready to go.

### Race

**Lap 1**: We lined up at the mile start marker, me quickly falling in behind him. We have similar builds, which makes it easy to pace off of him, and we settled into what felt like a comfortable pace. But at the same time, something in my body felt strange. I felt both bouncy *and* nervous, and the phrase "butterflies in my stomach" suddenly made more sense than it ever had. I wasn't certain what was happening, but I worried that adrenaline was shooting through my system too early in our race. Still, our 200 (209) split was around 35 and the legs felt strong, so I started to settle down and focused on matching the pace.

**Lap 2**: We finished the first lap in 71s, a full three seconds ahead of the plan. I was surprised: it had *felt* like a 74 or slower, and my legs still felt good. The first straightaway had a bit of a headwind, though, and pushing through it the second time to get to 600 was when I first started to feel some fatigue. Someone told me the real mile is between 600 and 1200. I believe them now. We finished lap 2 in 2:24, so something like a 73.

**Lap 3**: In my many failed sub-five attempts, it was always lap 3 that killed me. I think I am not alone here. Lap 1 is usually fine, lap 2 is where the sense of dread starts to creep in, and in lap 3 I would think to myself: "I'm not sure I can do this" and pretty soon the wheels were off. So when we started lap 3 I found myself wondering if I would lose the will to hold this pace again today. Not actually feeling the loss of willpower, exactly, but some curiousity about whether that loss would happen. Having a friend to pace really helped at this moment: rather than sinking into potentially disastrous ruminations, I focused on keeping up with him and keeping my legs moving.

It worked. The upwind straight felt hard, but by the time we made it to the 1000 mark I knew we were in good shape. Yes, it was going to suck. But there was no way we were going to drop six seconds over the next 600. The downwind straight brought us through in 3:37, for another 73 split. 

**Lap 4**: I started to feel the elation rising as we rolled into the fourth lap. I knew we had it. The only remaining uncertainty was by how much we had it. My buddy and I had recently been pushing each other in the last 200s of our workouts, taking 8 or 9 seconds off the paces we were supposed to be hitting. I wasn't sure if I felt hopeful or terrified that he might do the same today. Sure enough, he began pushing with around 300 remaining. I couldn't hold it. As we got to the last 200, he had put a good twenty feet between me and him. Dude had abdicated his pacing duties and was full on racing. I was losing it. I couldn't keep up.

But you know, there's something magical that happens in the very last leg of the race. If you've read Endure (Alex Hutchinson), you know that the ability to kick is the best evidence we have that the limits of our endurance are, to some degree at least, as much mental as they are physical. With around 150 meters left, I saw the end of it all coming into clear view. Not only of this race, but of seven years of having this goal tickle the back of my mind, of months of telling people what I was training to do and not knowing if I would ever do it, and of the possibility of not fulfilling my little promise to my dad. That was enough to provide the juice I needed, and I reeled my friend in with 20 meters left in the last straightaway. We finished together in 4:44, a 16s PB for me.

### Post-race

After collapsing on the grass for a few minutes, we celebrated with some dumb pictures and general congratulations, followed by whole bunch of crappy snacks (think carmel corn chips, chocolate milk, and sugar cookies) and a bottle of wine as the sun went down. What's next? The plan is to complete this mile cycle, and a stretch goal would be to be able to get down into 4:40 range a month from now. I feel like I'm playing with house money at this point, so I'd be happy to go for broke and aim to come through the first three laps in 70s each and then see what's left.

After the mile, I think I'll probably start to work my way up in distance. Turns out that another one of those athletic life goals involves a little race in Boston.

Made with a new [race report generator](http://sfdavis.com/racereports/) created by /u/herumph.

Does the average person worry too much about things like HR zones, stride rate, VO2max, perfect, etc.?

Maybe it's because I started running in HS, where none of us knew anything about the science behind the workouts we were doing and just followed what our coach told us to do. I've only learned about the significance of HR zones, stride rate, and what a VO2 max is in the past year or so, since I've gotten back into running. I've read Daniels Running Formula and listened to "Endure" by Alex Hutchinson, which delves into Lydiard quite a bit, so I know the general scientific background of all these things.

I understand that these are all real things that matter, but as a non-elite runner whose ceiling is realistically less than sub-elite (see my mile and 5K PR's from HS), I feel like worrying about these precise, scientific measurements is unlikely to provide a significantly higher return than simply listening to my body and going off of feel rather than stressing over whether my HR is too high even though I feel perfectly fine. It seems to me that simply following the general principle of 80/20 and using the VDOT tables as a rough estimate of paces I should be aiming for, adjusting for how that pace actually feels, will yield a similar result than getting into a microscopic level of detail about all of this. Apologies if this is a rambling post, but I'm just wondering if I'm missing out on a lot of progress by not having a HR monitor and the like. It seems like analysis paralysis to me.

I’m with you. I loosely follow a training plan for larger races and run by feel more than anything else. The increased need for metrics just seems to take the fun out of running for me.

Others may really like the analytics of it. It’s like fine tuning a car I guess.

From Sub 3:30 to Sub 2:55 Marathon (2022 -2023)

Hey fellow runners,

I'm thrilled to share that I recently achieved my goal of running a sub-3-hour marathon in Berlin! 🏃‍♂️ Now, I've set my sights on breaking the elusive sub-2:45 mark, and I'm writing this post because I want to understand myself **what I did right?** Would love to get some feedback.

Quick background: I've been running casually for three years, no sports background.  It was only in 2021 when I decided to follow a weekly running routine, or plan if you will. In Hamburg 2022, I broke 3:30 by seconds. The course is super flat like Berlin, where I ran sub-2:55 in 2023. What motivates me as a runner is to get better in everything between the 5K to the marathon

For those of you who've made a similar jump in marathon times, I think you already know what to do, but here are my five cents:

**How much extra training did I need for the leap?**

It depends on the person. I think consistency in weekly training is key, rather than breaking mileage goals every week. A good approach for me was to maintain a minimum of 50-80 kilometers weekly and build some peak weeks into my training with 80 - 130 km (progressive stimulus) and have supercompensation days after those peaks. Also, I tried not to raise intensity and mileage at the same time. It may lead to injury.

My yearly volume in **2022** was *2,700 km.* My yearly volume in **2023** will be around *3,300 km.*

I ran 600km more, but the difference in time on feet were only 10-20 more training hours. So I must've run overall a little faster. That makes sense, because I was getting fitter.

Paces are irrelevant on easy days. Easy intensity varies a lot. For me: 115 bpm - 152 bpm. Sometimes slower, sometimes faster. I don't mind running 7 min/km run/walks or 4.50 min/km easy runs. Both can feel right depending on when and where you run them. Also a big difference is the amount of easy aerobic cross training I added to the running training. I tried to cross train once a week.

**Race Times before the sub3 in Berlin 2023**

**5K:** 18:52 (spring 2023)**10K:** 37:57 (summer 2023)**Half Marathon:** 1.23.57 (spring 2023)

**THE WORKOUTS**

**Long Runs:**

**Easy Long Run:** 20-30 km. Easy pace. Just easy distance with friends all year around. Espeacially in winter and summer time.**Half Marathon at goal race pace.** 5-6 weeks before the marathon.**Peak Long Run** 35km: 15km moderate + 20km marathon pace. 3-4 weeks before the marathon**Steady Long Runs: 20 - 25 km** (20-30 seconds slower than marathon pace)**Fast Finnish Long Runs:** 20 - 30 km (starting at a very easy pace, running large portions steady and finishing the 3-10 K's at marathon pace, 10k, or even 5k pace.**Medium Long Run:** 18-25 km. Easy pace. Only in the final marathon block midweek run before a long run workout on the weekend.

*Notes:I experimented with fueling strategies over the whole year.*

**Marathon Paced Workouts** *(almost every week some variation of the following)*

**2 x 10 km**

**2-4 x 5 km**

**5 x 2 km2 x (3 x 1K)** / 2 min recovery

**Easy 5-8 km + last 1 - 5 km marathon pace.**

**12 x 1 min** half marathon pace

**5K - 10K Pace workouts** *(every week some variation of the following)*

**6 - 8 x 1K**, rest for 50% of the time it took to run the reps.

**6 x mile,** rest for 50% of the time it took to run the reps.

**8 x 800m**, rest 60 - 90 sec.

**20 x 400m** / 60 sec. rest.

**2 x 2k, 2 x 1k** / 3 and 2 min recovery

**5k, 2k, 1k** / progressively faster from Marathon Pace to 5K Pace

**Speedwork & VO2 max** *(1-2 times a month)*

**2 x 5 x 300m, + 3 x 200m at mile pace** / 90 sec. rest

**4 - 10 x 60m - 100m Strides**

**10 x 150m Strides** / 400m jogs in between

**8 x 2 min** / 1 min. recovery

**Easy Runs** \*\*\*(majority of runs)\*\*\*30 - 65 min runs by feel. Sometimes twice a day.

**My main advice for picking the right workouts:**

a) Get a good variety of runs in a period of 10 days and avoid quality days back to back.

b) Gradually build the intensity and volume over a whole year. Start with easier workouts and build to 4 x 5km marathon pace, which should be a peak workout in the marathon specific training block.

c) Repeat some weeks every now and then.

d) Do the VO2 Max only 8-6 weeks before a race to get sharp.

e) Learn how to space recovery time in between runs and training blocks.f) Taper down before the peak race.

**Recovery and dealing with injury.**

On rest days, I tried to commute easy by bike (90 min.), pedalling with a high cadence, to get a little blood flow into the legs. Sometimes I just went for a light aqua jog or a brisk walk. Almost never ran on a recovery day. Seriously, sometimes I get overconfident the fitter I get and start to neglect recovery. It always backfires. When Injury hit, I just translated the workouts to a elliptical or bike session.

**EXTRA STUFF**

The amount of consistency I needed for making a 30+ minute leap in the marathon as a recreational athlete required me to learn the regular boring stuff like:

\- Lots of going to bed early.- Cutting down on alcohol a few months before the race.- Consistent core strength sessions as often as possible.

\- Mobility training and light stretching once a week.

\- A periodized strength plan (Base Period, Hypertrophy Period, and Explosive Period).

**My main resourses:**

Jay Dicharry - Running Rewired

Pete Pfitzinger - Advanced Marathoning  


Stephen Scullion - YouTube Channel.

That was a long read. If you made it until here, good job! I hope I was able to help you.  I also would love to hear from a more experienced runner or coach who could give me some insights and maybe get some constructive feedback.

&#x200B;

Good luck!

This is a fantastic question! Congrats to the 3:31.

Only in the last 6 weeks before the race I ran MP workouts at target sub-3 pace 4:15 min/km.  Before that I focused on sessions once a week at 10K Pace. Balancing that with another workout running 20-30 sec. slower than MP. That 20-30 sec. slower than MP  felt equal to 4:15 especially during the hot summer months.

Single "Norwegian" Threshold system

Not sure if anyone else has tried this? Basically the poor man's/hobby jogger version  of double threshold for those running most or all 7 days a week, but on just one run a day. But the same sub threshold principles apply. I've been doing it 7-8 months now.

The jist is easy running is below 70% max HR and the intervals 3x a week push the upper limits of sub threshold. You don't do anything else. I know it kinda sounds like Lok and EIM but it's way better than that we I've also tried that. 

I see sirpoc himself the guy who inspired the Letsrun thread posts here now and again, I guess he can enjoy the anonymity on Reddit.

Whilst I am not as fast as him as a master, I am really pleased with my results and have found the Easy/Sub T/Easy/Sub T/Easy/Sub T/ Long weekly schedule has worked well for me.

I had followed a lot of shorter term training plans and had OK results over th coast few uears. But it usually hits a plateau or falls away in the end. I have run sub 20 barely a few times like that, but always got burned out, had to take a break etc.

But now following on from the Letsrun thread I just went all in on this method. My main goal was to beat my PB initially but I blew that out of the water the weekend just gone and ran 17:56! I really had no expectation going into this other than I looked down at my watch and was godsmacked when the first K ticked over. I obviously follow the guidelines and do all the work below LTHR and hadn't raced a 5k in a while, so I didn't have a great reference point. Basically even splits and sub 18!

My question is, why has this worked so well? What are the secrets here? Is it keeping fresh and consistency? Has anyone else been following it and how have people found it who have maybe been doing it for even longer than me? I feel ready more for each workout than ever before and as fresh as I have ever been. 

Has anyone scaled this up to incorporate a HM or even the Full? Would be interested in any adaptations or similar anyone has had success with.

Let's say I knew someone who was unsure how to identify their sub threshold pace. How would you explain it to that person who definitely is not me?


You can use 86-88% 5k pace as a remarkably accurate range for sub-threshold. 90% 5k pace a good estimate for classical threshold ("LT2") that's valid (meaning "is in fact below their max steady-state") for nine out of ten runners. So, I've had good success so far just having people back off a bit more from 90%.

As a reference point, you'll find that charts like VDOT predict "T pace" as being around 91-92% 5k pace, and "M pace" around 85%.

My understanding with the single threshold approach is that it's less about being perfectly accurate with pacing, and more about being confident you're below your traditional LT2.


Heavy strength training and plyometric improves running economy. No improvements from high reps/low load. Findings from new systematic review w. meta analysis

Effect of Strength Training Programs in Middle- and Long-Distance Runners’ Economy at Different Running Speeds: A Systematic Review with Meta-analysis.

https://www.researchgate.net/publication/376260720_Effect_of_Strength_Training_Programs_in_Middle-_and_Long-Distance_Runners'_Economy_at_Different_Running_Speeds_A_Systematic_Review_with_Meta-analysis

## Key results
> - Strength training with high loads (≥ 80% of one repetition maximum) can improve running economy and might be particularly effective in athletes running at high speeds (e.g., > 12.00 km/h) and/or possessing a well developed VO2max.
> - Plyometric training could improve running economy at speeds less than 12.00 km/h.
> - The combination of two or more strength training methods (e.g., high load training, plyometric training) may induce greater running economy improvement, compared to isolated training methods.
> - These results are based on 31 studies with moderate to low certainty of evidence for the main outcomes, involving a total of 652 middle- and long-distance runners.

Converting the speed for everyone’s convenience 12 km/h =
- 5 min/km
- 7.46 miles/h 
- 8:03 min/mile

## Conclusions
> Based on these results, HL, PL, and combined methods can improve RE. Furthermore, PL improves RE at speeds of ≤ 12.00 km/h, combined methods group at 10.00 to 14.45 km/h and, HL at 8.64 to 17.85 km/h (particularly at higher speeds), and as a function of athletes ‭VO‭2‬‬max level. **No RE improvement was noted after SL or ISO.** Therefore, athletes and coaches might consider including different strength training methods (HL, PL and/or combined methods) in traditional endurance training to improve running economy at diﬀerent speed ranges in middle- and long distance runners. Future experimental research is needed to understand the potential eﬀects, and underlying mechanisms, of diﬀerent strength training methods on RE assessed at diﬀerent speeds in middle- and long-distance runners, particularly among under researched populations (e.g., females; highly trained athletes)

- HL = strength training with high loads, ≥ 80% 1 repetition maximum (1 RM)
- PL = plyometric training
- ISO = isometric training. 
- SL = submaximal loads, 40–79% 1 RM
- RE = running economy

## My own reflection
Once again we see results that indicate that high reps/low load is probably a waste of time for improving running economy. My take away: 
- do heavy strength training (>=80% 1 rep max). For example: pick a weight you can do 3-5 reps with and stop 1-2 reps from failure.
- combine heavy strength training and plyometric training for better effect
- surprised isometric training didn’t improve running economy. Should we now stop do them and replace with compound exercises, heavy loads instead? Btw isometric training is static holds. For example plank, side plank, wall sit etc.


N=1, but this has absolutely been my experience. Since picking up heavy squats and deadlifts in the past couple years my running economy has improved greatly. Not to mention I'm no longer constantly on the knifes edge of injury.

Is lifting or plyometrics better for runners? [Research Spotlight]

Pretty relevant article that addresses a frequent question on here about different types of training runners can do to augment their running: [https://www.strongerbyscience.com/research-spotlight-runners/](https://www.strongerbyscience.com/research-spotlight-runners/)

TLDR: Both are useful and can improve running performance primarily through improving running economy, but if you have to choose one modality, choose **heavy** resistance training (working in the 3-5 rep ranges or around 90% of your 1 rep max). Nothing particularly new here and I think this sub does a good job of emphasizing heavy strength training, but it's always nice to see some confirmation.

Both are good if done properly and sequenced with your running as well.

Combining the recruitment of muscle groups working together are better for movement rather than isolating muscles.  If you are focused on static lifts you can disrupt your body’s proprioception.

Also, lifting after running is the way to go on any given day.

As far as sequencing, Olympic and static lifts are your “neuro” exercises and should be done on harder workout running days.  Easy running days should include light lifting for recovery.  Athletes will often make the mistake of going hard on the weight room on easy running / recovery days.

Plyos are really excellent but again match the intensity of your running training and do them after your run.

Too many trainers try to make the emphasis of training in the weight room.  These exercises should support running, not take the place of it.

What I learned from 3 marathons + 1 ultra in 12 months

I (35M) ran my first marathon this time last year. Since then I’ve done Vienna Marathon (April), a 47k trail ultra with \~1800m elevation (4 weeks ago), and just ran Dublin Marathon again, taking a big PB with 3:13:xx.  
  
Because this block was unconventional, training for an ultra, then jumping into Dublin 4 weeks later, I pulled my Garmin data to see what really correlated with improvement. Stats here: [https://imgur.com/a/xUhEG0l](https://imgur.com/a/xUhEG0l)

Here's what stands out:

**1) Marathon Pace isn't special**

The ultra block was hill sprints, long runs on trails, lots of elevation, tempo/threshold work, but zero road long runs with marathon pace blocks. Pfitzinger's 4 week multi-marathon plan between the two had total 3km at MP over the 4 weeks, and a max 24km medium/long run. I thought I'd be way unprepared for marathon pace, but on the day happily held MP the whole race. 

In previous blocks I thought those extended marathon pace blocks on long runs were special, but any aerobic and threshold work does the job.

**2) Long tapers might be overated**

Pfitz 4 week plan has you peak in week 3 (77km), with a V02Max interval session Tuesday and the longest medium-long on the Thursday, giving you a roughly 10 day taper. It has you do \~46km the 6 days before the race.   
  
This is way more than I had ever done before a race, and I thought I wouldn't be recovered, but felt great. Maybe you don't need a full 3 week taper and to barely run the week of the race?

**3) The base phase (24 weeks out) might be more important than the marathon build (12 weeks out)**

Looking at the data, the biggest gains came from having a bigger base phase. A year before, I had run nearly as much in the 12 weeks build, but was coming from a much lower base, so wasn't able to handle the same amount of quality.

Adding volume in the base, and quality in the build is key, rather than just trying to hit huge volume in the build.

**4) Easy pace doesn't matter**

My average pace this build was *slower* than my average pace for the entire previous block, with trail runs and focusing on recovery after the ultra, but I raced faster.

I thought easy pace getting faster was an indicator of a faster race time, but slowing my easy runs down allowed me to recover enough to hit the quality sessions, and run a good race. 

None of this is groundbreaking, but sometimes you have to learn things yourself to really understand them... Also aware it probably applies more to 3+ hour runners than elites where specificity matters more.

Would love to hear your thoughts, or if you've seen any similar patterns.

Recognizing that there will always be individual differences, my experience in road marathoning to qualify for Boston and then moving to ultramarathons has taught me the same four lessons that OP presents here. I've adapted by:

Eliminating marathon-pace content as well as VO2 Max sessions from my training. I now exclusively focus my speed workouts on tempo/threshold content. While I'm a strong believer in doing hills, I'm incorporating them now into my easy-pace runs, particularly weekend long runs, rather than doing them as short hill sprints.

I've adjusted my tapers to be short and sharp. They are only two weeks now, with Week 1 having 50% peak volume and Week 2 having 15% of peak volume. The focus of the taper should be recovery, with only enough running to prevent taperitis, real or imagined. I question whether the 50% of peak volume in the first week of the taper is even necessary.

I've dropped days per week from 6 to 5 while increasing the distance of each run. As an ultramarathoner who is about to begin a long training block for my first 100-mile next year, I'm now even considering dropping down to 4 days per week of running and using the 5th day for power hiking. After the long run and tempo workouts, I believe 2 x 120-minute medium-long run sessions during the week at a slow easy pace are more valuable physiologically than compiling weekly mileage through shorter easy runs often done at a faster easy run pace that is contraindicative to recovery between workouts.

Another item I'll add is that I've learned the importance of high-carb fueling during ALL of my runs, not just the weekend long run. I'm now using 100 g-110 g of carbs per hour of running consistently through the week. To make this more affordable, I save the expensive gels for my Sunday long run and use much less expensive powdered carbs the other days of the week.

Will my easy pace ever improve?

Over the last 2 years I've averaged 40 miles a week, lots of speedwork, completed several ultras, lost 20 pounds, and set PBs across all distances. My easy pace has ticked up from 10:30-11 to 9:30-10, but it still feels relatively slow compared to many folks who I can flat out beat in a race. Just for some reference, my PBs ATM are 5:30 mile, 19:05 5k, 32 minute 5 miler. I'm pretty confident I could shave some time off of all of these with some specificity training, these were all set after a 50k training block. 

Functionally I have zero issues with my easy pace, but it would be nice to be able to keep up with some folks on their easy runs. 8-9 min/mile pushes my HR into the 160s-170s, which isn't a red zone from me (max around 205) but is pushing past what I'd consider easy. Given how much my PBs have improved over the last couple years, the mileage I'm doing, and the relatively low improvement in my easy pace, I just don't see a path towards a 8-something min/mile pace being "easy" 

I'm guessing a lot of this is just biological? At my last 50k I ran for 5 hours with an average HR of 174, and a couple hours over 180. Am I just physiologically predispoposed to a slower easy pace?

Based on your mile/5k/5 mile race times, I think you have room to increase your easy pace. I'd expect you can work towards being really comfortable in the 8:30-9:00 min/mile range for very easy runs, and closer to 8 min/mile  for a more "moderate" easy run. While improving "easy" pace isn't the most important thing, I do think you're probably leaving some aerobic gains/stimulus on the table by running your easy days so slowly.

I'm assuming you have this huge gap between your 9:30 min/mile "easy" pace, and your workout paces like 3 min/mile faster, and are rarely running between 7-9 min/mile, right?

What I'd recommend doing is differentiating between a "recovery" run, and an "Endurance" run, for your current "easy" days.

•⁠Recovery run: The primary goal is recovering from a workout, long run, whatever. Pace doesn't matter at all. Run whatever feels like a very very light effort, 9:30-10 min/mile is great, and pretty short runs (like 3-4 miles)
•⁠Endurance run: The primary goal is to build some aerobic fitness through relatively easy running without impacting your key sessions (workouts, long runs) for the week. Pay attention to pace here, and push on the faster side of what feels easy for you. These should feel like you have to focus a bit to maintain your pace, a little bit uncomfortable, you are definitely breathing but not stressed or straining to maintain pace. I'd recommend starting at 8:30 min/mile or so, working towards progressing towards 8:00 min/mile, and working towards doing these as moderate distance runs (starting at 4 miles, working up to 8 miles). I think these will be helpful for you if you continue to focus on ultra distances, and will help make 8:30-9:00 min/mile feel easy.

A couple other things to think about: Drills, Strides, Hill sprints. Some of this might be your running economy/efficiency, which these can help improve.

Also - how did you determine your max HR? If 205 is your true max HR, I'd be really surprised if you could sustain 88% of MaxHR for multiple hours as part of a 5 hour race. I'm wondering if your true Max HR is actually higher than 205, and therefore your understanding of "easy" HR zones is too low.

Building up mileage after a break (6+ months)

Hi AR!

Asking for advice/experience building base back after a hiatus or injury.

I consistently ran 40-70 mpw for many years, and even my very lowest weeks (sick, traveling, post-race) were in the 20s or 30s with at least a progression run or tempo and the usual strides. I think this consistency is probably one of the best injury-proofing methods.

But, last year, I stupidly quit running when everything shutdown. And, around May, I stupidly jumped right back to where I was before the break, leading to some mighty bad "runner's knee" which wouldn't go away. After several frustrating months I finally just gave up around August.

After more than 3 months completely off I started running 20-30 minutes once or twice a week in early December. So far my knee is good but fingers crossed! All that I want is to be able to run every day again and eventually train hard. 

I'm so scared I'll go too much too fast and blow. I've looked online for a plan but I can't find exactly what I'm looking for. The problem is that I was quite fit and fast within the last 1-2 years so I'm sure that as soon as my legs feel good I'll really struggle to hold back. Any success stories or advice out there?

BTW I'm male, 31yo, previously max around 75mpw 1:17 half, 16:20 5k , (currently running 5-10mpw 8-10 min/mile hahahahaha)

I was in a similar spot to you last year. I generally followed the “Running Order of Operations”:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B3TYR3d9S1s1dFpwa3E4NmZfOW8/view

My advice is to basically treat this like starting again from 0. Don’t compare yourself to how you were years ago, compare yourself to how you’ve progressed since you started the journey of running again. Do just very easy running for awhile until your body can handle the stresses of running a few days a week again. Don’t rush the process. Listen to your body. Take recovery weeks every 3-4 weeks if you need them.

After a year or so of setbacks and lessons, I was able to do a month of 20mpw running with a 6mi long run this month. It’s well below where I was a few years ago, but considering how many times in the last year or two I got injured when going above 20mpw, it’s progress!

I’m probably at “level 3” of the OOP, I’m running 5 days a week and established 20mpw as my baseline. Since I know I’m injury prone if I push it past 20 too quickly, I’m going to hold there for 8-12 weeks and then look into building up further if all goes well.

How to know if your conversational pace is much slower or you just suck at running and talking at the same time?

Im trying to “slow down to race fast” but I feel like my calculated MAF heart rate is too fast. so now Im just trying to go by feel by talking to my self a couple of times in my run. I found this pace to be suuper slow. should I just go and do a field test for maxHR or LTHR and set my zones from there?

How to improve your VO2 Max and Anaerobic Threshold? What kind of training do you do?

 

Hello people, I am looking to improve my sports performance a little more, reading a little I saw that the heart rate is used a lot to train in different areas where in each of them an aerobic or an anaerobic phase can predominate, to this is added the Vo2 max and anaerobic threshold.

From what I understood, the Vo2 max can be improved a lot or a little depending on the genetics, the idea of improving it is to increase our blood flow to bring more oxygen to our body and therefore increase the anaerobic threshold or delay its arrival.

What I did not understand very well is how to improve these aspects, what kind of training should I do to increase my Vo2 Max and my aerobic / anaerobic endurance to increase my anaerobic threshold?

I read some workouts such as that strength helps a lot because of slow fibers so that fast fibers and other intervalic types do not waste energy.

I wanted to know how you train him and what type of training they do.

Kinesiologist here.  I stopped valuing VO2max and anaerobic threshold when I learned how efficiency can compensate for both of these factors.  The only problem was that biomechanical and physiological research couldn't explain why; or they would produce conflicting results.  After several years of trying to find an answer, I finally found that the answer was in the science of motor control.  It also explains the conflicting results in the science of biomechanics and exercise physiology.  Since technique varies massively between two runners, imagine the margin of error across a larger sample!  When the correct muscles fire in a coordinated manner, you'll produce the perfect gait pattern for your body; making you both mechanically and physiologically efficient.  This is why the top world class athletes seem to be on a much higher level than the rest.  For running, here are the things that you'll want to work on to maximize your running efficiency:

1.⁠Posterior Chain Activation:  Train your body to activate the gluteals, hamstrings and calves as a system, with a greater emphasis on the proximal muscle (gluteals).
2.⁠Core Activation:  Train your body to resist all lumbar movements (lateral flexion, flexion, extension, rotation and diagonal rotation).  This will eliminate the twist you see in some runners.  The twist in running will negate power in a similar way as sliding forward while pulling on a rowing machine.
3.⁠Scapular stability:  If you have rounded shoulders or any other kind of scapular malalignment, work on fixing the muscle imbalances because having your shoulder in the wrong position will massively impact your ability to inhale.  It can cut the volume of your inhale in half, giving people the false impression that they have a breathing issue.
4.⁠Diaphragmatic breathing:  Learn how to maintain neutral spine while belly breathing.  Start with getting the belly to expand, then work on more advanced diaphragmatic breathing by getting the entire midsection to expand.
5.⁠Eliminate Internal Resistance:  There's lots of research showing how increasing flexibility can negatively affect running performance, but it's important to remember that if you're too tight at certain muscle groups, it will cause your body to recruit the wrong muscle groups through compensation patterns.  This increases internal resistance, so your power gets lost to the tight muscle rather than being used 100% for propulsion.  I recommend seeing a professional for this because the body has several muscle groups, and you want to be precise with what you're stretching (don't stretch muscles that don't need it).

Increased efficiency means more speed for less effort and less wear and tear on your body, so you'll recover faster between workouts and experience fewer injuries; allowing you to go through more training adaptation cycles (break down & repair).  Two weeks before the 2017 London Maration, working on these points helped my client shave off over four minutes off her marathon, moving from 12th place in 2016 to 4th place in the 2017 London Marathon.  After this race, she moved to Colorado to train at the Olympic Training Center.  The coaches put her back into VO2max and LT programming without addressing the imbalances, and her time unfortunately dropped even though I knew there was a lot more room to improve motor patterns and potentially shave off another few minutes.  This showed me how much weight should be placed on efficiency.  You can run without rigid structure (daily undulating periodization) and only pick workouts you want to do, and still become insanely fast.

Long Term Improvement in VO2 Max

Hi, everyone. I've been reading "The Updated Training Wisdom of John Kellogg" compiled by u/running_writings and something caught my attention with respect to VO2 max training:

>Running uphill for 2-3 minutes at a time at moderate to high intensity (near VO2max) will likely provide a greater improvement in the ability of your left ventricle to pump blood to your working muscles than will running with the same effort over level ground or downhill, even though you can run much faster with comparable effort on a level surface. When running uphill, muscle contractions are held longer, meaning the intramuscular pressure and vascular resistance are greater. Since it is harder for the heart to pump blood into muscles which are in a contracted state, the systolic pressure will rise well over 200 mmHg (with a rate-pressure product of over 40) during prolonged, high-intensity uphill running. This creates a high myocardial oxygen demand and provides a strong catalyst for ventricular hypertrophy.

To my understanding, the main mechanism Kellogg describes here involves the heart overcoming resistance during systole, which is characteristic of **afterload** (concentric hypertrophy). This is different from what I've learnt in my cycling training where the emphasis is on the **preload**\-induced (eccentric) hypertrophy. There is also a great discussion in [this podcast](https://www.empiricalcycling.com/podcast-episodes/watts-doc-23-training-your-vo2max-and-why-not-rnnestad-3015-intervals) that references [this paper](https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/8775571/), suggesting that higher cadence (*smaller muscle contraction time, as opposed to Kellogg’s longer contraction argument*) at the same power output results in increased stroke volume, cardiac output, and venous return.

I’m slightly confused since I have no background in exercise physiology and am curious about the practical applications of all this in running, as well as people’s anecdotal experiences with uphill VO2 max work. I understand that altering cadence in running is far more complex than in cycling, so I’m wondering whether VO2 max workouts done on a bike (with high cadence) would translate effectively to improvements in running.

Looking forward to hearing your thoughts, and wishing everyone a Happy New Year full of PRs!

This is different from what I've learnt in my cycling training where the emphasis is on the preload-induced (eccentric) hypertrophy. There is also a great discussion in this podcast that references this paper, suggesting that higher cadence (smaller muscle contraction time, as opposed to Kellogg’s longer contraction argument)

1.⁠7 random dudes (probably not terribly well trained) in different sport is not a particularly valid opposition to build any sort of mental model around. The context is completely different. Also keep in mind that most exercise phys studies are pretty useless.
2.⁠The different effect of uphill running Kellogg describes is in part because running uphill takes away some of the force our muscles and tendons would take in and return on an equivalent flat effort, so our muscles need to spend more time to generate similar forces. That effect doesn't exist on the bike in the same way because we're not dealing with the same eccentric loading. Removing eccentric load is a huge part of the rationale for hills, so one could also argue that the bike just takes to the extreme, but I would say it's taking it so far that you're losing out on other benefits.

so I’m wondering whether VO2 max workouts done on a bike (with high cadence) would translate effectively to improvements in running.

I'm sure it would if you're in poor shape or have limited durability, but it's probably not a good strategy for the well trained and healthy runners, or those that are otherwise trying to be really efficient with their time and energy. Between cycling and running there's a sufficiently different pattern of muscle fiber recruitment and you're not dealing with the massive eccentric load in cycling that you are in running, so you're not going to get the same benefits. A huge part of what makes "VO2 max" work effective also has nothing to do with increasing VO2 max itself, but rather increasing running economy -so in that sense moving a hard session to the bike is a poor use of time and energy. While VO2 max is commonly considered a central (i.e. heart and lungs) problem, it also has a substantial peripheral (i.e. capillaries and muscles) component, so it is still sport specific. Making your heart super fit doesn't matter if your legs can't cash that check.

Like most aspects of training we can dive into the scientific weeds to understand the reason behind something, but we come back out to the same basic common sense that all the good coaches and runners already know. Cross training is a great tool for context specific limitations, but to get better at running you should be looking at running first.

Can strength ever be a 'bottleneck' for performance?

Hi all,

I feel like a common mantra in the running world is the oft cited connection between doing more kms in the week to get faster race times. Whilst strength training and conditioning is considered mostly for injury prevention so that you can keep up that high load of running through the week.

I've often thought about the concept that my 'strength' might be a limiting factor and not cardio fitness (vo2 max). Getting even more specific for that 'bottleneck' - it might be that one specific muscle/group in your core or legs is the 'weakest link' so to speak. 

Is anyone aware of popular studies that looked at race times and the effect of more strength/conditioning training? Any anecdotal evidence of long term runners that took time to focus on strength training and the results?

I feel like intuitively it would be more important for shorter races, where endurance is less important. So curious to hear the effects for half marathon and longer.

Cheers!

Strength training does directly benefit running economy:  https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/26694507/

Maybe that's not quite what you're thinking of in terms of lack of pure strength as a bottleneck, but it's something that goes beyond a role of just injury prevention and involves a direct effect on performance.

Any perspective on transitioning from ultramarathons back to 5k’s?

Starting to fall out of love with ultramarathoning. The grindy back-to-back long runs, the time commitment, and the stress on my body has made me want to reach way back to my 5k days in XC.

Instinct tells me I should start concentrating on speed. That said, while I’m not so injury prone on back-to-back 20+ mile days, I’ve noticed I am very injury prone during speed workouts.

I’ve also found my aerobic ability has greatly reduced, almost atrophied. I’ve gotten the feeling that I’ve lost a lot of my quick-legs and traded them in for pure endurance-legs—both in terms of injury and time.

A little about me:
-[25yo, m]
-24:27hr 100mile
-11:55hr 50mile
-3:03hr marathon
-Did a quick mile trial last week to see where I was at. 5:18 mile maxed out. Felt like my ankles were close to injury. Compare to my PR when I was running the mile over a minute faster
-recently came off a 4-week injury break. Back up to a 25-mile week. Mostly maintenance right now, at a conversational pace. 
-Tend to run high volume during training. 60/wk consistently, with peak training at a 90-110mile week or two. Mostly all long and slow

I’d like to keep my base while re-tooling my body and avoiding injury. Any tips or strategies?

Heavy calf raises have really helped me with tight calves

Ever since I started running about 4 years ago, I would say my most common issue are tight calves. It comes and goes, seemingly randomly sometimes, and hasn't matter what shoe I've worn, but it's definitely more pronounced when I increase load/intensity (as I'm doing now training for a HM). 

I stopped lifting lower body during this training block, except for heavy barbell calf raises. I'll do this 2-3x a week, 3 sets of 15 at 165 pounds, which is moderately heavy for me but still allows me to control the reps. I do them with my forefoot on plates to get extra range of motion too. Doing this seems to really keep tight calves at bay, if not totally reducing any tightness, seemingly overnight. 

Just thought I'd share since I know chronically tight calves are common.

Fun fact:  A lot of the time what we think is "tightness" is actually lack of strength.

Thanks for the kick in butt to start doing this again. I experienced similar from seated calf raises but hard to find that machine at most gyms. Will try it your way!

How I stopped trying to run 100 miles in a week and ended up running 140 instead


After being inspired by my highest ever mileage in a week (83 miles), I decided on a whim to up my mileage even further and run 100 miles over the next 7 days. On one hand, 100 miles in a week seemed a huge number reserved for elite/sub-elite runners (something I am far from being). On the other, it was only 2.5 extra miles a day, so it seemed acheiveable.

After doing about 10 minutes of research, I planned on front-loading and running doubles to boost my volume (basically 18-20 miles a day). However, I had to keep re-evaluating my target volume - by the second day of the challenge, I realised l had already run 100 miles in 7 days by due a pretty high mileage the week before. So I kept increasing the target higher and higher on basically a daily basis.

With two days left, I was at 151km/94M. On Saturday morning I ran a half-marathon, followed by another 8M in the evening. This left me at 185km/115M on the final day of the challenge. 

140 miles in a week was now in range but I’d have to basically run a marathon in a day. So on Sunday, I ran a half-marathon the morning and another in the evening, leaving me on 227.4km / 141.25M for week (19 hours 45 mins)

-Mon – 19km AM / 13km PM (12M / 8M) 

-Tue –  16km / 13km (10M / 8M)

-Wed – 16km / 13km (10M / 8M)

-Thu – 16km / 13km (10M / 8M)

-Fri – 16km / 16km (10M / 10M)

-Sat –  21.1km / 13km (13.1M / 8M)

-Sun – 21.1km / 21.1km (13.1M / 13.1M)


Pretty much all my runs were at an easy pace (average pace for the week was 5:20/km) but I did put in a harder session for the two HMs, running the first in 1:47 and the second in 1:43.

On a physical level, I felt fine. I basically increased my weekly volume by 70% which is a big no-no but didn’t suffer any ill-effect. No injuries - not even any minor niggles/muscle tightness. Strangely, I found I got quicker on every run with evening runs being faster than their morning equivalents.

I’m not sure if this has done much for my long-term fitness but mentally it has made me re-evaluate my limits. My normal mileage was around 75mpw but now am likely to increase that to 80-90mpw with speedwork.

I consciously didn’t do any runs longer than 13.1 miles – but having two medium-long runs a day was far more manageable than one long one. I also liked the two half marathons in a day and might try it again when I am doing marathon training.

Would I do it again? Not likely unless I get a lot faster –  time was more of a factor than the miles - 20 hours of running in a week is a huge commitment. As a one-off, it was fine but by the end I was getting fed up of putting on trainers/gear every 12 hours or so.

TL;DR - Intended to run 100 miles in a week. Ended up running 140 miles in about 20 hours. Didn’t get injured. Finished challenge by running two half marathons in one day.

Edit: entered /km for average pace to avoid confusion

The two half marathons in a day is a good marathon training sesh, providing you've built in enough recovery after.

That moment when your training "clicks"

I'm running Pfitz 18/85 in preparation for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon in November, targeting a 2:51:33. I ran a 4:06 in April 2020, a 3:29 in October 2020, and a 3:10 at Chicago last year. I've run equivalent times at the 8K and HM and respond well to high mileage, so intellectually I know I should be able to hit my goal this November.

All that being said: This training cycle has been an absolute slog. The mileage hasn't felt "hard" in the sense of soreness or hitting my paces, but the heat and humidity take a toll on you. It's like the weather sucks the life out of you. Somehow every Sunday has been the hottest day of the week. I've mostly been able to hit my times but my 22 miler had me feeling like shit the rest of the day last Sunday. I know that some of that is just cumulative fatigue, but it's been more of a mental game than a physical game for me this training cycle.

Enter today's workout: 18 miles, 12 @ MP (6:35/mile). I fucking crushed it. I carb loaded for two days before, got up early to avoid the sun, and felt like a million bucks the whole time even though it was 70 degrees with \~100% humidity. I started off my MP segment at 6:45 to account for heat and humidity but quickly found myself banging out miles at my un-adjusted MP. It was amazing.

For the first time this training cycle, I really think I'm going to crush Indy and run in the low 2:50s. It's like I realized that if I can do 12 miles at MP on 80+ MPW for the past three weeks, then I can absolutely demolish a marathon at that pace with a proper taper and 40-degree weather. I knew it intellectually before today, but now I really believe it.

Anyways, just wanted to share because it was such an awesome feeling for me. Hope everyone else had a great Sunday Funday too!

That's incredible progress in a short period of time! If you don't mind answering, what is your age and what is your athletic/running background? Good luck in your race....sounds like you're ready!


If you could go on a “runner’s vacation” where would you go?

I was recently on vacation/holiday and it turned out I was in an area with minimally “runner friendly” offerings.  Of course I was at the peak of marathon plan. Ouch, it was tough!  No friendly paths and the roads were narrow, hilly, traffic-y, and loads of blind corners and rises. Is there a place in the world where the running options are plentiful, varied, peaceful and gorgeous? I should specify, not looking for crazy vertical. Where’s your runner’s paradise destination?


I run on a track beside a Costco and next to a highway overpass with a homeless encampment underneath it. Absolutely Serene.

What training load metric do you find the most "real"?

Hi! I got my new Garmin watch that has the training status calculation and started wondering what training load metric works the best in terms of reflecting the stress on the body, performance improvements and recovery needs. In other words, that gives you the best recommendation how to train to keep getting better but not overtrain. I am generally comparing:

1. "Standard" TRIMP as calculated by e.g. Runalyze (Coggan TSB model)
2. Garmin training load based on EPOC
3. Anything else such as Training Peaks TSS (which I have not been using for a while)

I am now comparing 1. and 2. and there is a striking difference when it comes to high intensity sessions - threshold/tempo runs and interval runs - which, honestly, makes sense for me. Thanks!

The problem is the main metric that Garmin uses (HR) tends to be incredibly inaccurate. 

 I don't see why anyone would put trust in a device, like you said. It's all about feel (and frankly a device can cause some nocebo effect and make you feel worse).

I feel like garmin general data, race predictors, recovery, body stress, etc are nearly useless while in the midst of a training block (esp a high volume marathon block).
Honest tips for balancing a high training load with a full-time job & other life responsibilities

Hi all! I’m sure this question has been asked plenty of times on here before, but I am always looking for more tips on how to balance high levels of training with work and life. 

A little bit of background on me, I (30F) am definitely not elite, but I would say I do have some locally competitive PRs (3:12 marathon, 19:35 5k). I actually have not been running seriously for very long (I only got into it in my mid-20s), but I would really like to take my training to the next level to see what I might be capable of. 

Perhaps like what many of you have experienced at one point or another though, I have been having a VERY difficult time balancing a higher training load with my full-time job and other responsibilities (especially in the past year as I was promoted to a role where I have a LOT more responsibility). I also live alone, and staying on top of my chores, errands, cooking, etc is probably what I struggle with the most when both my training and workload get high. Especially over the past year, I’ve had several instances where I was ramping up my mileage and getting into a good rhythm with training, only to have something come up with work or life that limited my free time to get runs in.

I know that being able to balance training with work and life requires excellent time management, but lately it has felt like time management skills are not enough when things that are out of my control come up. One question I have for all of you is:

Do you receive any kind of help from other people when you are in the midst of a big training cycle? Do you receive any assistance with chores or errands? Do you take any PTO from work during busier weeks? If not, do you have any tips for managing it all on your own? 

Any tips and advice would be greatly appreciated! 

FOLLOW UP QUESTION: Seeing a lot of comments about going to bed early and getting up early to run. Definitely think this is a great tip, but my question to you all is how you manage the post-run fatigue at work. While I definitely feel productive when I run early in the morning, I always feel SO TIRED at work afterwards. Is this just something that your body has to get used to? In other words, the more you run early in the morning, the less fatigued you’ll start to feel at work?

My #1 pro tip is to go to bed earlier. Like, abnormally early. If you go to bed at 9pm you can wake up at 5am and be done training by 7. The early morning hours are so precious. If you wait until later in the day to train something always comes up.

I'm a single dad with 2 kids and a full time job.   Both of my kids are active in scouts and sports so activities a lot of nights.

I just get up early every morning and make sure I can be back at the house by 6 to get the kids up and get them ready for school.   If it's a medium long run I'm up at 3 to get everything in.    It's not always fun being up that early, but I didn't miss a single workout my last marathon block running 60 now over 4 days with 2 additional days of cycling.  If you want to make it work you can find time to do it.

I work full time. 100MPW training has me doing double runs 3-4 times a week. This is 14 weeks at this volume.

Marathon training blocks aren’t easy. I give up a lot of the “free time” I would spend on tv, games, and hobbies during these hard 16-week cycles. It’s not a big deal if I’m more motivated towards my goal over some relaxing time-killers.

Schedules have to be disciplined. Wake up at 5am to get morning runs in and get home from work and quickly change into gear for night runs. Usually these weekday double-runs are 10 & 6 miles and the order gets decided on how well I get out the door in the morning.

I cook all my meals. It’s easier to prep large batches on weekends to eat during the week.

I still have my fun and some time to unwind each day, but you’re going to need to decide how serious you are with racing. Serious training requires dedication and commitment.

My partner is also a serious runner so there is some overlap in our routines, but all the duties under the house are still shared fairly. No PTO is used for any training unless it’s for travel for the race. If my partner wasn’t here, not much changes because both of us train.

Yeah I’m flexible. The 10 mile runs can be bumped to 12 and still fit the same block. It’s always a 20+ mile long run on saturdays and a decently long Sunday EASY 12-16 miles to fill in miles from the week.

All runs besides workouts on Monday/Wednesday/Longrun MP-paced are supposed to be recovery runs. If you’re a HR data guy then think like 130 or less. Stretching kinda just whenever. Weights and core/flexibility work usually falls on Saturday/Sunday since weekends are the most relaxed days.

Friday/Weekends are available for going out and hanging with friends. No reason for me to go out on weekdays like that even if I’m not training.

Hope this helps!

Increased training load and sleep problems

Lately, I have noticed an interesting problem.

For the past two weeks I started increasing my training load - both mileage and strength training, which seems to correlate with the start of my sleeping problems. I doubled the hours of my strength training (from 3 to 5-6 hours per week) and increased my weekly running mileage from 25 to 40 miles per week and added additional 20 miles per week hiking. All is a part of training on my upcoming ultra races and next week I have a deload/rest week.

Before this training load, I required 9 hours of good sleep. But the increased training load caused that now I sleep around 6-7 hours and I often wake up in the middle of the night. The interesting thing is that I am not tired and my performance is not suffering (it is increasing).

But my worry is that this lack of sleep will catch me in the future.

Do you have any similar experience?

Thanks!

Can Sleep Be Used as an Indicator of Overreaching and Overtraining in Athletes?

TLDR: You doubled your workout time and mileage... you might think your performance is increasing (in the short term it might be) but this isn't going to be sustainable in the long run.

You’re overtraining and your CNS is fried. Back off a bit and you’ll sleep better

Best Carb Load Strategy for a Full:

For people who have ran multiple Marathons trying to PB each time, what are some of your carb loading DOs/DONTs??

This could vary alot depending on the runner, i get that. I'm just really curious.

I've heard people say 8-10g of carbs per KG of weight for the Thu-Sat/ & others that don't do nearly as much. Do you eat more on the Thu&Fri, to try not feel overly bloated on race morning?

\*I'm really interested to see what everyone's thoughts are on this, thanks\*

Do it over multiple days. Don’t eat too late the night before. Leverage liquid carbs to decrease load on digestive system.

Too much juice gives me a bad stomach. I'm using water and maltodextrin in a 10-15% solution. Tastes mildly sweet, I can easily drink 2 litres a day (2-300 g carbs). Costs maybe 50 cents.

Don’t worry about feeling bloated come the race, you’re much better feeling like that than you are feeling very light. It’s a long way to run and even if you’re feeling abit sluggish at the start, it’ll go away once you’ve been running a while, if anything it may even help pace yourself better by not flying out of the traps feeling like you’re bouncing

During deload weeks, do you keep intensity but reduce volume outside of training blocks or reduce volume and intensity?

I have a good understanding of how to build training blocks and include deload weeks for big races but during maintenance periods outside of this I’m never sure whether it’s best to keep workouts (whether threshold or vo2 max) during deload weeks outside of this.

My general training will include one or two quality sessions plus a long run and one or two easy runs somewhere between 40 and 60km a week depending on fitness and time. At the moment I’m not including workouts during deload weeks but I’m intrigued to hear what other people are doing.

There's no rule. Deloading is about reducing load and volume and intensity are both legitimate ways to reduce. Sometimes it's one or the other, sometimes it's both.

What event are you training for?

Conventional approach (think Daniels) is easy only with a long run, maybe some strides. Steve Magness has advocated for sprints in the off-season.

More modern approach (think Ingebrigtsen) is to do quite a bit of threshold work in the off-season — essentially, off-season starts looking something like the Norwegian Singles approach (which is just kinda permanent off-season).

My personal preference would be some  (sub-)threshold work and some strides — so some intensity but nothing too specific.

Edit: am I right in understanding that your question is about “base phase” and not pre-race taper?

Running volume vs intensity on training fatigue

Just curious to see how other people hold up with increasing these two metrics. 

To give some context, I’m currently 1 week
Out from a half marathon and during
This prep I have PB’d both my 5k and 10k in tune up races. 
My initial Plans for this prep was to also build
Out my weekly milage volume, however I’ve really struggled to hit volume this prep due to what I believe is an increase in training intensity. That being hitting faster paced interval sessions and faster paced long runs.
I’ve noticed I’ve struggled more in this half marathon build compared to previous marathon builds. I was curious to see how other people hold up during different builds

When my workouts get harder I find I need to increase the amount of easy running I'm doing to have a big enough aerobic base to support my workouts.

You should really only build one of them at a time. Once you’re at a consistent mileage add in more intensity, then when your body has adapted, increase the weekly mileage. Rinse and repeat

Trying to increase both mileage and intensity is a recipe for injury or burnout, it just leaves you feeling fried

How often do you "deload" and what's your strategy?

I'm a relatively new runner (a little over a year of serious mileage) and come from a lifting background. One marathon in (3:23) and have my eyes set on a BQ. There are a ton of analogies with lifting and running, including what I've read others call a "down week" which is essentially a deload: heavily reduced volume and/or intensity to recover to allow for continued progress. Essentially injury prophylaxis. 

In lifting, I'd say the general consensus is every 6 weeks or so. Is a similar time frame of one "down week" every 6 weeks of training reasonable? More or less frequent? And how much do you drop mileage and workouts? Curious to learn more about different approaches to training!

How to tell the difference between functional overreaching and overtraining?

I have lately been ramping up the training load (pretty steadily but somewhat aggressively). I am up to about 6-7 hours per week at this point. I am wondering how you all can tell what the ideal load for your body is? I want to share what my experience has been recently to see if anyone relates. 

&#x200B;

As my volume has increased I have had some symptoms of overtraining but it is hard to distinguish from the normal fatigue/supercompensation cycle. On 2 occasions in the past 2 weeks, I have woken up the morning after a long workout with swollen lymph nodes/irritated throat. I may also feel a little foggy that day. I then take a day or two of rest until the symptoms disappear and then I am back at it. The past 2 days I have also had some difficulty sleeping. In general though, I do not feel overly fatigued or sore and am still excited for my workouts. 

&#x200B;

Do you think these are serious warning signs and I should take a chunk off the volume? Or can I continue simply taking rest days as symptoms appear?

Training more and more but not improving. What to change?

I don't feel like I make any progress when it comes to race times. I ran a 41:30 last year in a 10k (10 months ago) and recently had two 10k races. One was 42:00 and the other one 43:00. Both didn't go optimal but I still expected to improve the PB or at least that it feels more comfortable than a year ago if I run at a similiar pace. But it didn't.

Also according to garmin (I know not to take the numbers too seriously but still..) I am worsening. Looking at the Training Load I am slightly dropping constantly or staying even allthough I am exactly in or slightly overshooting the "optimal" amount of Low + High Aerob. Anaerob is slightly lower than it should be..

I am currently running 50-55mpw with 1-2 Threshold runs, 1 long run and filling the rest with easy. Also doing strength training.

Am I maybe too fixed on the easy and slow running that is stated everywhere? Until maybe 3-4 months ago I almost only did easy + long runs. Maybe 1 harder run every few weeks. Im running easy runs at around 9:20 - 9:40 per mile. Threshold runs are at 7:00 - 7:20 (I follow garmins estimated threshold). Maybe I have to increase the intensity of everything?

  
I really expected to maybe even break the 40min mark in the last 2 races or at least come close. But doing worse twice really hit hard. And I struggled hard to keep a somewhat fast pace until the end. Both races were positive splits.

Current PBs (all done last year around the same time) are 19:25 and 41:30 for 5k/10k. Never raced HM or Marathon (but ran the distances in training). Started running 1.5 years ago

Do I expect results too quickly? I know its probably impossible to give a correct or good answer over the internet. Just very frustrated, it's demotivating to feel that I put so much work into running and it's not showing..

Training wise, it's time to switch things up. You've spent a long time building a base with some easy mileage and threshold work - but you need to throw in some harder intervals to work on your speed.

But also, it's worth considering the time / weather. 10 months ago was the fall. The weather was likely nicer. Now, it's the summer. The weather sucks. You will be slower.

Spend 6-8 weeks working on your speed, and then jump into a couple fall races and see what you can do.

Too much load for one week out from marathon?

I [29/M] decided last year to use a training plan for my 3rd marathon instead of just going on casual runs like my first two (4:00 PB). Being in peak covid I went with one of those app-based plan generators and so far it has been pretty good in my opinion. 
My max miles during training was ~60/week and I am training for a 3:15 time marathon time.
However, my race is Nov 13, and next weeks schedule (one week out) seems a bit too heavy still.  
The schedule has me doing a 
10 mile Fartlek run on Monday, 
8 mile easy on Tuesday and Wednesday and Friday , 
10 mile tempo on Thursday, and 
12 miles on Saturday for a total of 56 miles. 

I am by no means an expert, this is my first season following a training plan, but this seems a bit high for the week before the race.
Am I wrong?

Definitely supposed to be starting the taper and reducing volume/intensity. If you maxed out at 60 miles, 56 is definitely too much. 

What do you think is most commonly misunderstood about the training process?

(Distance running)  There are many things that come to mind for me.  From lifting/core more than you run,  misunderstanding that recovery runs help you recover, barefoot running will be hard on your body if you've been wearing shoes your whole life, alphaflys dont make you nearly as fast as sleep, coaching only helps if you are honest with how beat up you are, etc.  

But it essentially boils down to impatience in my opinion.  I think people think there is just a magic barrier of mileage/Speed they can't go past, when often their approach is just not all there.

Consistency in both running and resting will take you places.

I get a lot of questions about how I eat when I’m training for my marathons (I’m very skinny during my competition season) and what supplements I use. I of course watch what I eat and pay caution to not gorge on chocolate too often, but most of the time I just try to eat a plant based diet and use common sense. Then they keep inquiring about what vitamins etc I take, like it’s some secret magic trick

Carb and hydration loading for a first time marathoner 

Chicago will be my very first marathon, and I'm starting to think about my hydration and nutrition plan for the days leading up to the race and the morning of. I also have my longest run of the training block this weekend and plan to practice carb loading. I've listened to a few podcasts on the topic, but they seem to be targeted toward much faster runners. My target is to finish in about 3:40-3:50.

Is it still worth it for an amateur runner to carb load for 2-3 days before, or are the benefits primarily seen at the elite/faster levels?

Additionally, how much extra electrolytes should I take in during the days before a marathon? I understand that factors like weather and individual sweat salt levels come into play, but generally speaking, if I consume two servings of Skratch per day for the two days before my race (about 800 mg of sodium per day) and then one serving on the morning of (400 mg), would that be sufficient for pre-race loading?

I also acknowledge that Skratch is $$$ and as a first time marathoner who is travelling for this race, i'm going with convenience for this one.

I'm trying not to overthink it but also want to control the controllables.

Thanks in advance for your feedback!


If anything, slower marathoners benefit MORE from carb loading than faster runners as you'll be out there for longer.

Electrolytes are completely unneeded as you will get adequate amounts form normal eating.

Carb loading is definitely still worth it if not even more important for an ‘amateur athlete’. You will be out there longer than the elites and therefore guaranteed to run through your glycogen stores.

Getting them as topped up as possible in the days before the race via carb-loading will mean you can delay (and hopefully avoid if your intra-race fuelling is on point too) hitting the wall.

Lots of good info out there about how much you should be eating in the days leading up to the race, but people often underestimate just how much more it is than you might be used to eating normally.

Also, have you put much thought into what nutrition you will be consuming during the race (In the form of gels etc)? That will be key, as no matter how good your carb load is, without good race nutrition you will likely hit the wall around 3 hours which is not a pleasant experience

Ok seriously, when am I meant to do strength work?! (5km advice requested).

Hey there, seeking some advice, per the title. I’m trying to get my 5km back down, to challenge my PB. Before becoming a Dad I could average 135km/week and my PB was 16:10 (not specific 5km training). 5 years on as a slightly heavier, and significantly more tired father of 2, I’m sat at 17:28 with over a minute to try and shave off doing 70km/week if lucky. 

My question: When the heck am I supposed to get strength in, guidance seem to be “not within 24hrs of a session”!? Quality seasons are Tues/Thus/Weekend longy. Do I double up my quality days? Or Monday/Weds/Fri and hope to pull off the session? What does everyone else do?

If you made it this far, thank you :)

I'll preface this by saying running is the best thing you can do to get better at running. Doing strength training might help injury prevention and help you optimize runnint form and economy, but if you want to get close to that PB time, strength work likely plays a very, very small role.

But with that said, if we're talking fatiguing and strenous lower body exercises with high weights or high reps to failure, my advice is simply to either do it on the day you have tough workouts or the day after, but never the day before. If the strength workout is predominantly upper body or just not that taxing, you can probably do it whenever.

According to the ingebrigtsen tvseries, they do strength same day, after the double threshold sessions, to maximize recovery until next threshold session.

Make sense to me, but not sure if there is science behind it

A year to maximise training

For [reasons], I (35m) have just been gifted a year of life free from work (unless I choose to do some).

I’ve recently got into running (currently average just 12-15 mpw), having played lots of team sport in my youth but then been pretty inactive from 25-35. I’ve got two kids (3yrs old and 12 weeks old) but otherwise no schedule, no commitments, no burdens. I’m completely comfortable financially for at least the year and probably have ~$5k ‘fun money’ that I can be reckless and crazy with.

I’m sure I’ll end up balancing running-related goals with other things in life……. but I’m interested - if you were me, how would you use this year to maximise potential from 5k to marathon? How would you train, what (if anything) would you invest money in etc etc?

EDIT - without meaning to cause offence, I rather hoped for some more imaginative responses! And hadn’t expected the level of suspicion and side-eye I’m getting here.

whelanbio (sorry, don’t know how to tag users) got it right that the goal is to spend some time living in a training focused way and have some fun. Thought I might get some perspectives on interesting places to spend a month training, or on some training approaches others would pursue / have pursued when freed from the burden of a 9-5.


NGL, this sounds like a terrible idea… surely whatever money is better spent in a college fund for your kids, and (having had small children) they’re not exactly self sufficient at that age.

Also, and more importantly, if you’re running 10 miles a week, spend the next year working up to 50 or 60 miles a week. There’s no magic. “Maximizing your potential” is a many year effort… there aren’t shortcuts, and trying to do too much too soon is a great way to get injured.

What rules do you use for rebuilding volume after time off?

I’ve noticed that most training advice focuses on building fitness and race preparation.

What I find much less clear is the period after an interruption.

Whether it’s illness, travel, life getting in the way, or just a break from structured training, rebuilding volume always feels more nuanced than building it in the first place.

Do you follow any specific rules?

For example:  
\- percentage increases  
\- number of weeks at each volume  
\- perceived recovery  
\- coach guidance  
\- something else entirely

Personally, I’ve found the return phase harder to navigate than the initial training build-up. There seems to be a lot of advice on how to get faster, but much less consensus on how to safely and effectively ramp things back up.

Curious what approaches have worked well for experienced runners.

Physio perspective here. 

Most programs and runners are decent at understanding concepts of loading and injury risk mid-cycle. 

Between cycles, however, many can overdo. A lot of people are out there accumulating tissue fatigue without really realizing. This is why we generally recommend only racing 2 marathons per year. 

Of course, the longer and more you've run will help. But generally, a half day of per mile you've raced OFF running is a good idea. The Pfitz recovery, for example, has you running on the 3rd day post marathon. While an easy run is nice for recovery, taking an off period seriously can make a massive difference for your next cycle. You probably won't get injured immediately, but a lot of people start seeing negative effect early/mid the following cycle.

The downside of 13 days off post marathon is we then want the ramp to mileage to be slower too. Don't discount the mental benefits of this too, though.

So for an average runner who's done a few marathons and completed Pfitz 12/70, we are likely talking 4-6 weeks of base building after a spring marathon before another program. For a fall marathon (eg second of the year), it would be 4-6 weeks very easy, then the 6 week base prior to a program.

I have a few great examples of patients with stress fractures right now. They have no nutrition or loading errors acutely, but when we've discussed far enough back they seem to have accumulated too much training stress post race months prior.

Performance wise, people don't love this perspective. But keep in mind that your race times are built over years, not months. If you're off injured, you're not improving running economy and fitness, and this far outweighs an "aggressive" off season.

Should I add more training intensity?

Over the last 3-4 months my easy run paces have dropped by around 20-30s, & threshold pace has dropped by around 10s.

Current set up is around 50-55 MPW with around 5-6 hours of cross-training. Overall training volume has increased since last year (including running), but paces have declined.

My recovery markers are 100% - High HRV & low RHR. I have the motivation to train & sleep is good.

Workouts are 2 x 30 minute threshold workouts (LT2) on Tuesday & Thursday, with a faster speed workout Saturday, & very easy 70-80 minute longer easy run”. The speed work is usually fast reps with long rest, as leg speed has always been an issue for me (struggle to break a 67-68s 400m with half marathon time being 1:17:32)

The rest of the cross-training & running mileage is done at an easy effort (based on training zones got from a lab test).

I’m conscious that although the speed work is high effort, my aerobic system doesn’t get strained as much as “aerobic” workouts.

I’ve thought about increasing the Threshold workouts to around 45 minutes, at more sub-T (half marathon pace), & alternating between a hard hills workout/flat speed work (longer rest) on the weekends.

I actually don’t mind “VO2 max workouts”, but always get injured from them, so have avoided it (not bothered about 3k/5k races - mainly 10K+). 

I think I’ve included most information, but let me know if you need to know more.

Increase volume, but not intensity. This is the TL;DR of how I improved. You probably have more headroom to grow aerobically, than faffing around with vo2 work at this point (and increasing the injury risk more). Sub threshold sounds great, but make sure you are breaking it up to manage fatigue/recovery as much as you can.

5k training vs marathon training body load

Sorry if this has been asked before, wasn't sure how to search. 

My background is pure hobby running on 50 to 70 mpw at 100% easy pace for a couple of marathons. 

I've only recently attempted real targeted training in my marathon and seem to be pushing too hard or overly injury prone. 

I'm thinking now I'll try out a real 5k plan (jack daniels) to get used to doing hardworkouts without added the stress of high mileage marathon training demands. 

Am I right in thinking this will be less taxing overall than marathon training? Or is the increased intensity likely to beat up my legs and feet just as much as the longer lt and mp runs from marathon training?

Training for a good 5k time isn't inherently anymore difficult or easier than training for a good marathon time. It will probably take a while to adjust though.

How to transition back to less advanced running? About self-imposed pressure, identity and guilt

This turned out as a wall of text and while I don’t want to treat this sub as my personal diary, I can imagine that a lot of people can relate and I’d love to hear about your experience with… dialing it back for good? In other threads about running burn out, people often advise to take a break and come back later. What if you want to go back to a more balanced approach and deprioritize running but your past self / “running identity” is holding you back?

I’m far, far away from the times of many people on this sub, but during the past twelve months I’ve had relatively great success in becoming an “advanced” runner. After 5 years of treating the sport as supplementary cardio while spending hours in the gym, I shifted my focus to running in April 2025. I increased my volume from like 15 to 30-50 miles per week, did structured workouts and improved my times significantly. Starting out with a sub 20 5k & 1:45 HM, I ran Sub 3 in October, 16:50 in December, 35:15 in March and 1:21 in April.

It was always about getting better. I loved the grind, getting up early to be on the treadmill before work during the winter months, always running the same intervals on the track and generally dedicating a lot of my time to improving as a runner. The whole data aspect intrigued me as well. Increasing (or decreasing) numbers, volume, training load, obsessing over my fitness graph on intervals.icu, I was completely absorbed in that aspect of my life and felt a real purpose. I was lucky not to have a real injury, but when I had to take breaks because of illness or a strain I could really feel it taking a toll on me mentally, as I felt like I was losing something - be it fitness or gains that were yet to be made.

Lately however, I feel like I’ve completely lost the drive to keep up with training. Pushing through intervals feels harder than it should because I don’t really want to do it, I force myself through easy runs just because I think I have to. Ever since my last half marathon race, the thought of going through all that just to shave off another 2 minutes feels… daunting. Or pointless? Or at least not worth it compared to what I can’t do when I’m running 6-7 hours a week.

I picked up a nice gravel bike and I’d really love to get more into cycling and spend hours on the road. At the same time I’m feeling some kind of guilt because cycling means leaving running gains on the table when I could also be out on a long run. I’d also like to spent more time on other hobbies and interests that aren’t sports related at all, but not even getting some easy miles in and watching the Strava graph go down makes me anxious as well. On the one hand I’d really love to let it go, on the other hand I’m feeling this pressure to keep going. For what reason - I don’t know.

I know that this is not my job, I do this as a hobby, nobody apart from me cares about my running and this is all in my head. It shouldn’t be that deep, but somehow it is. I 100% want to go back to a more balanced lifestyle where I run 20-30km/week for general fitness & enjoyment. But that also means not being “that” guy anymore, getting slower and in a way a “lesser” version of myself. This was extremely important to me not even 3 months ago, can I even find enjoyment in running for the sake of running when I know that I’m getting worse at it? In a similar vein, taking part in a race and finishing slower than I once did before seems crazy to me, like why even bother then? 

Has anyone ever felt that mixture of running burnout and identity crisis? How did you manage to dial it back while at the same time dealing with having “peaked” and “losing” that part of yourself? Is this just a phase and I’m obsessing for no reason? Probably. Is stopping for a while (maybe ever) not as dramatic as it seems? Most likely. I’m sure it’ll sort itself out eventually, but this has been on my mind a lot lately and I’d love to hear about your experiences and thoughts on this :)

I got burnt out and switched to trail running. Every trail and route being different made it impossible to compare and overanalyze numbers.

Also being out in nature and not going around in circles on the track helped make it enjoyable again.

Managing to burn out completely to the point of giving up the sport in ~12 months is quite impressive.

On the flip side of that, if you are losing the love for running after 12 months then it probably isn’t the sport for you.

However, if you do keep running a bit and do plenty of other cardio, your fitness losses shouldn’t be that dramatic, and you will likely be surprised at how quickly it comes back if you do start more focused training again.

Nobody cares how fast you run except you. Truly. Took me awhile to really internalize that. So, if what you are doing isn't making you happy and serving you, then dial it back.


What happens to the body if you did year-round hill sprints (once a week)?

I read about hill sprints helping a number of things but there's not much literature on specific evidence or tests done on athletes over a long duration.   


So a hypothetical question:

Let's say I started sprinting on a 5%-8% hill weekly. I start with 4 reps and a long recovery of maybe 1:30 minutes or something long enough to get full recovery.  Then I keep adding reps and eventually break it up into sets over time. Say something similar to what Seb Coe did in his offseason period. Lots and lots of reps up a short hill but do it all year.

Everything is fairly average with respect to distance running training (i.e.. like 30-40 mpw, vo2max workouts, threshold,etc..).  Nothing crazy that would be to the detriment of the hill sprints.

Assuming my current (as in I ran it this year) best in the 400m is 70 seconds. What happens to my raw speed and 200m and 400m speed after 52 weeks of hill sprints (with progressive increase in load/reps)?

Will my 400m time drop to 60 seconds with the strength and power I should have gained? Will my stride length become noticeably longer? Will my running economy impreove by X%?

I am trying to forecast what changes I can expect along the lines of actual numbers, the angle at which my stride length should improve, the amount of time I should expect to get faster (seconds),etc... Any personal experiences that may help?

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Short answer: you'll become a stronger, faster runner.


Long answer: you'll need to combine both hill sprints (<10sec reps) and longer hill repeats (2-4min reps) to really supercharge your training.

As for more specific answers (with the accompanying numbers) this is a good read: https://training4endurance.co.uk/best-gradient-hill-sprints-running/

you'd get stronger and probably quicker for a good while doing this.

The gains at the beginning would be fast as it would be a new stimulus then after a while they'd be fewer and fewer. for this reason it would probably would be less efficient training to improve your 400m time year round than doing speed work on the track which is more specific to your stated goal









